DD2 - V.#12 - #560 The secret of Long Dan


Old Mu has stopped, said: "Dragon Pill was I from an ancient times vestige discovered in the past accidentally, was a light attribute big dragon Soul Beast corpse. If the watermark advertisement test watermark advertisement test I have not misread, that should be a White Dragon clan, with the Black Dragon clan that Beast God Di Tian is the mortal enemy. After that big dragon dies, essence strength congeals Dragon Pill. Because the strength in this Dragon Pill is extremely overbearing, our humanity does not have the means directly to absorb." ,:",,,,," "After I obtain that Dragon Pill, has worn on the body. Although does not have the means directly to absorb it, the huge energy of but in Dragon Pill containing very much has the advantage to my practice. My talent, with its help, afterward the winding speed significantly sped up. To my 98 levels, ultimately forms second Soul Nucleus in the method of Equal Resonance, in fact has also replied on this Dragon Pill strength. Otherwise, I must be not necessarily able Xuan Zi to be shorter than in the time that 98 levels stay." ",,,,98,,,98" "Can say, birth of each Limit Douluo, with big destiny. I am so, Xiaoyao and Ye Xishui are also so." ",,," "I once had also attempted , helping other people with this Dragon Pill, but, is not good. Their strengths are not enough to withstand the overbearing aura in Dragon Pill, itself Martial Soul is inappropriate. Therefore cannot absorb the strength of Dragon Pill. Later I Dragon Pill warm and nourish in my within the body, come the unceasing improvement with my own Light Sacred Dragon Soul Power it, rubs off its edges and corners, making its internal energy change gradually, this process is long. That Dragon Pill in my within the body, enough warm and nourish hundred years." ",,,,,,,,," "Afterward matter you also knew, I and Innate Body Sect then sect master, is the Du Busi big brother fights, I received heavy wound. At that time because some special reasons, I wanted to look for Xishui. Therefore restores eagerly, moreover at that time Dragon Pill I also already warm and nourish a long time, in my opinion. Should not have any issue. Therefore, I attempt to start to absorb the Dragon Pill strength, hopes that absorbs it completely. I guessed, if I can achieve. Perhaps has the opportunity to inspire the God Realm attention. Thus obtains to enter the God Realm opportunity." ",,,,,,,,," "Was a pity, before I underestimate a big dragon at the point of death, Dragon Pill that the complete essence pours into. Shortly after starts to absorb. I have discovered the issue. In my heyday, this Dragon Pill strength is not enough to cause the damage to me, I also think that its vicious tendencies vanished. But who knows that the vicious tendencies in this Dragon Pill hid unexpectedly. When I start to absorb, after it feels my weak, unexpectedly erupts rapidly, wreaks havoc in my within the body." ",,,,,,," "My cultivating originally is be higher than the Du Busi elder brother, although heavy wound, but is actually not the wound and source. But, absorbs Dragon Pill this mistake. Makes my source receive heavy wound truly, will turn into afterward appearance. I barely escape, completely suppressed Dragon Pill with great difficulty, but the vicious tendencies in Dragon Pill actually also completely integrated my body. In the later dozens years. I in fact am have been struggling and contended with this vicious tendencies. Until me ** declining." ",,,,,,**" "But, after my hundred years of warm and nourish, in addition the Dragon Pill vicious tendencies thoroughly suction by me, the strength in this Dragon Pill also became especially pure. Can by Non- dragon be the person absorption of Martial Soul. Originally, I planned that gives Beibei it, has its help, in the future Beibei will become Limit Douluo should the issue not be big. But, at that time, I run into you. When I discovered you are having Absolute Martial Soul, I changed the mind. Because I know that the Absolute Martial Soul practice, early is very difficult, the intermediate stage will be rapid. But to the final time, broke through Limit Douluo condenses second Soul Nucleus the time, specially will be difficult. When by your strength, your body is very merely difficult to bear the second Soul Nucleus condensation impact. Therefore, I kept Dragon Pill, after deciding to observe you, said again." ",,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,," "Your performance and potential make me shocking . Moreover, you have a good heart, itself knows diligently. Before me, I decided passes to you at the point of death finally this Dragon Pill. However, the Dragon Pill strength eventually is too overbearing. Directly was absorbed by you not possibly, at that time you did not have to absorb its ability. Therefore, I look for Xiaoyao, making him help me take care of you, and at proper time gives you Dragon Pill." ",,,,,,,,," "If I have not guessed that wrong, your previous time meets his time, certainly by the body nearly failure that he punches. That is not he must cope with you, but must make your within the body as far as possible maintain the elusive condition. The strength in this Dragon Pill, does not integrate your Soul Power, but must integrate in the bloodlines to be best, making your body have the ability of certain dragon, is separated from the human category. Your talent, this Dragon Pill, completely has the opportunity to create a human miracle in addition." ",,,,,,,,," "But, what making me not think, on this day can come is so quick, moreover your choice has also surpassed our plan. Yin-Yang Supplement! The child, you also are really brave. You may know how many walked Transcendent Soul Beast of this road to end in failure, to run away finally difficultly the destiny of death? By matter that the body of Soul Beast cannot achieve, you actually must achieve by the body of humanity. This courage and faith, worthily are my Mu En disciples. Since you have chosen this road, then, as Teacher, I how, regardless of must help your. Now the Dragon Pill strength had been initiated because of your reassignment. You continue to practice, I help you control it to integrate your bloodlines completely, making you have the body and spirit of dragon, as the matter stands, your successful possibility will increase." ",,,!,,,?,,,,,,,,," "Yes! Thanks Teacher." In the Huo Yuhao heart has filled nice and warm, Teacher ** died, has actually been worrying about him, already spread the road for him, this sentiment, he can only repay in the future on Shrek Academy! "!",**,,,,! Now does not say, Huo Yuhao felt that the energy impact of own within the body became more intense. But Dragon Pill integrates strength some in oneself bloodlines not to be as if unstable. , Does not dare to delay again, he hurries to return to spiritual sea the thought that fully control own mind Soul Nucleus. Controls mind Soul Nucleus is all beginnings, is most important. ,,, The control of mind Soul Nucleus was very smooth, obtains moistening of Dragon Pill, the pain that the body bore reduced greatly, this made him be able more centralized mind. ,,, The Old Mu aura is very temperate, the gentle aura integrates in the Huo Yuhao bloodlines quickly, Dragon Pill starts strength of not the steady golden bloodlines under the guidance of Old Mu, starts to flow voluntarily in the meridians of Huo Yuhao. And the meridians and internal organs of some strange strength and Huo Yuhao start to fuse. ,,, The speed of fusion is quick, Huo Yuhao scale starts to present the edges and corners gradually, becomes thicker and enchanting. ,, After this Dragon Pill initially Long Xiaoyao integrated Huo Yuhao within the body, in fact in receiving his strength warm and nourish, under a moment ago intense stimulation. Erupts. Already somewhat adapted to the body of Huo Yuhao, moreover Huo Yuhao actually also continuously in absorption of influencing subtly it. ,,, Old Mu makes Long Xiaoyao give his time Dragon Pill, to want, when he condenses second Soul Nucleus uses. But he and Long Xiaoyao has not thought that Huo Yuhao such quick can use this Dragon Pill strength. ,, The gentle Soul Power fluctuation pasts in the air. The aura in entire laboratory because of the appearance of Dragon Pill becomes gentle. Snow Emperor meaning that the ice crystal has not erupted again. But Absolute Ice second Soul Nucleus that continues to control Huo Yuhao stably condense , to continue to absorb the Absolute Ice strength. Resolutely is operating with Huo Yuhao that mind Soul Nucleus turn over. , The strength of mind Soul Nucleus output was limited by Huo Yuhao. Throughout cannot disturb the formation of Absolute Ice Soul Nucleus truly. Itself was also towed, bursts out the fierce mind fluctuation unceasingly, is attacking the body of Huo Yuhao. ,, The Dragon Pill strength is truly tyrannical, Huo Yuhao only thought at this time one have been full of the strength. Made him feel that the body wants the to shatter strength, now attacks on the body, withstood to be easier. Although as before severe pain, but at least did not have the feeling of collapse. ,,,, Time one minute one second passed, on the Huo Yuhao face the look also becomes affable. , The Old Mu aura vanishes quietly, the Huo Yuhao whole person turned into the insightful golden color. , Soul Nucleus of chest place increased one time, itself also turned into the glittering and translucent carving blue ice crystal appearance. Own velocity of whirl starts to accelerate continually. , Because Huo Yuhao body carrying capacity is enhanced, the speed of Snow Emperor to this condensation naturally also has promoted. Quicker completes, the pain that the Huo Yuhao body bears is also smaller. ,, This gentle condition has not continued too for a long time, the pain is intensifying throughout. The strength in mind Soul Nucleus looks like inexhaustible general, starts even more intensely to attack Huo Yuhao second Soul Nucleus. But the pain increases again , before letting Huo Yuhao returned, that feeling. ,,, Teacher has helped itself go against through the Dragon Pill strength has plundered, how regardless of must insist. , Huo Yuhao clenches the teeth, diligently carries on the shoulder. However, his control also became more and more difficult. Because must complete the Yin-Yang fusion, two big Soul Nucleus in fact want unceasingly communicates. With the energy strengthen of second Soul Nucleus, Ice Emperor Spiritual Power that requests Huo Yuhao to output must stiffen. But as the matter stands, Spiritual Power that output from mind Soul Nucleus strengthened, Huo Yuhao must control it to be also more difficult. That side mind Soul Nucleus, has to have the problem anytime the possibility. But passes through stimulation that continues, originally stable mind Soul Nucleus, started to present trembling, so was no longer stable. ,,,,,,,,,, What to do? At this time, Huo Yuhao also started to be nervous. Everybody has made that many efforts, if this time were defeated, then, not only will receive heavy wound, in a short time does not have absolutely possibly again comes one time. Even, oneself will pay directly with the life the price. ?,,,,,, The fierce pain engages in factional strife in the chest and forehead mutually, the intense dizzy feeling as if anytime may make Huo Yuhao fall into to lose consciousness. But once, he to lose consciousness in the past, mind Soul Nucleus will lose control. ,,, "Child, protects good Shrek for Teacher. Protects good Tang Sect. Teacher, takes you as the honor." The Old Mu old sound resounds in the Huo Yuhao mind. Extremely intense Spiritual Power bursts out from Huo Yuhao spiritual sea suddenly. ",,", This Spiritual Power to the feeling of person unexpectedly is the Huo Yuhao a common origin, Huo Yuhao only thought that own controlling force is enhanced suddenly, but around own mind Soul Nucleus, presented golden sea. ,,, This golden sea are not his spiritual sea, but completely is external Spiritual Power. After these Spiritual Power appear, mind Soul Nucleus that struggled fiercely has stabilized immediately. Moreover, it greedily is still absorbing in this golden sea extremely pure Spiritual Power. In the process of absorption, its own eruption was weaken. ,,,, It looks like the powerhouse who an originally wants the to get rid of enemy has met Heaven and Earth Treasure suddenly, making him let off the enemy temporarily, first absorbed this Heaven and Earth Treasure strength. ,, mind Soul Nucleus stabilizes, the Huo Yuhao dizzy feeling and pain naturally were also weaken. He discovered with amazement that he control to Spiritual Power becomes is much easier. After mind Soul Nucleus falls into that golden sea, was docile, he must be how what kind. Moreover it as if could not feel oneself Soul Nucleus regarding the intense contradiction of chest Absolute Ice Soul Nucleus. At least at this time, he could not feel. ,,,,, "Yuhao, this is Teacher can help finally your, the future road, must walk by you. Teacher believes that you can certainly find your road. Teacher went back first." ",,,," The golden light twinkle, in the Huo Yuhao sensation, Old Mu goes quietly. ,, Teacher...... If can burst into tears, Huo Yuhao already had tears streaming down the face at this time, the selfless help of Teacher, making him get through the difficult time once again. ,,, Golden light shadow overflows from the metal front door quietly. Old Mu appears in front of Old Xuan. Old Xuan has been waiting for in out of the door anxiously, looks at Old Mu to come out, he relaxed greatly. Before the Old Mu words, making in his heart be full of the unlucky premonition, regarding him, the Old Mu also master also friend, before he was knows that Old Mu warm and nourish Spiritual Consciousness in Golden Tree, otherwise, his pain certainly will not compare Huo Yuhao to be few. ,,,,,,,, Old Mu be with smile on the face looks at Old Xuan, on the old face full is genial with the thorn, "Xuan Zi, Shrek, gave you. Do not tell Yuhao, when I, but also in Golden Tree......" ,,",,,," The voice falls, Old Mu golden light shadow is defeated and dispersed quietly, changes into the innumerable pale golden luminous spots, disappears from the scene in the air. ,,, Old Xuan stayed, has not responded immediately. , The Old Mu aura, vanished! ,! Old Mu and Old Mu! ! Old Xuan staggers is retroceding several steps, by his Limit Douluo strength, nearly falls down unexpectedly. The body of his whole person fierce shivers, he wants to call, but, does not dare to scream. ,,,,, ----------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------- Welcome everybody to play our hands to swim Magic Chef of Ice and Fire together, only needs to join our prestige - platform, clicks on following Magic Chef of Ice and Fire and hand tour to download the button, can directly enter downloads the page to download according to the direction. ,-,, Joins the method of our prestige platform to be very simple, prestige - top right-hand corner plus sign - increases friend - searches Tang three few, has the authentication, is our families. ,---,,

 





DD2 - V.#12 - #561 Practices crazily


Sun-Moon Empire, Bright Capital City and imperial palace. A confidential letter appears on the Xu Tianran table. Confidential letter seal, is a very adorable Ju Zi(orange) design. , Sees this confidential letter, on the Xu Tianran face reveals a smile, the Ju Zi(orange) letter, finally came. Does not know how she will cope with such aspect. ,,, For these days, the comprehensive searche, did not have the trends of these enemies as before. They after attacking Bright Capital City, looked like flew away baseless generally, has not left any trace. This is completely inconceivable. ,,,, Thinks spatial technology that Old Kong said that Xu Tianran on some creepy feeling. If the opposite party mastered the spatial technology, the next attack, likely will appear then in Bright Capital City! ,,,,! Disassembles the letter, Xu Tianran takes from inside the letter paper. This letter has also used the Soul Guidance Technology seal, if not know the opening mail method, inside content will change into the flying ash immediately. ,,, On the letter paper, full is the Ju Zi(orange) beautiful small character, the character writes is very neat. Between the lines has been full of respectful flavor. ,, Looked at the character well, the Xu Tianran mood several points. In the heart mused that the previous child's matter, the injury to Ju Zi(orange) somewhat grew. At that time, oneself perhaps really should display positive. However, how regardless to say that oneself has given her the military authority, this trust believes also enough reports back her to own was loyal. ,,,,,,, At the same time is thinking, Xu Tianran starts to look at the content on letter, more looked that look change on his face is bigger, has amazed, but more acclaimed. Yes, acclaimed, acclaimed for Ju Zi(orange). ,,,,,,, Unexpectedly, she can actually find out the good means to melt the present aspect like this, is really, worthily is War-God Empress! Worthily is Ju Zi(orange) that most trust. ,,,! Ju Zi(orange) the letter, subject has two characters. , No! Attack! !! Encircles Shrek not to attack, transfers Shrek all relations, completely centralized in Shrek City. In the surrounding arrangement defense line, defends by linkage Defensive Soul Guidance Device. The non- active threat, to a Shrek long deadline, making them hand over Huo Yuhao. Once the military strength centralism of Star Lou Empire and Dou Ling Empire in the past, the goal achieved. As for the true target, can actually be ever changing. ,,,,,,,, If in empire that enemy and Shrek Academy aspect has the relation, once knows that Shrek Academy presents the so enormous crisis, they also definitely reckless return, will turn back in order to help friendly forces Shrek, at least two Soul Engineer Corp strengths, very much have the function in the battlefield. Such one, regardless of they have what kind of strength, can only collides in the frontal battlefield and Sun-Moon Empire army. But the front impact, Sun-Moon Empire is almost invincible existence. ,,,,,,,,, "Good, good and good!" Xu Tianran continually said three good characters, injury has as if relaxed several points. Immediately edits a book one, the order under urgently escorts to the front. "!",, He told Ju Zi(orange), front all, were all decided by her the rear area does not need to be worried. Imperial Soul Engineer Corp has turned back in order to help friendly forces in the Bright Capital City city, surrounds and protects the imperial palace. Anticipated that the front victory report passes on again. ,,,, Ju Zi(orange) won Xu Tianran many trusts with own wisdom once again. Xu Tianran as if saw that Star Luo and Dou Ling both countries also successively fall into oneself hand, to that time, even if Shrek is strong, he is also only a city, wants to rub to pinch inadequately? ,,,,,? Xu Tianran does not want to ruin Shrek City actually, what polarity is, what he hopes to obtain is from submitting to of Shrek, that will take to him the most intense conquering pleasant sensation. ,,, Shrek Academy that Continent's First Academy reputation, regarding also young Xu Tianran, hasn't never yearned? But if in the future Shrek submits to empire, Xu Tianran is happier. To that time, all Shrek have studied, is the Soul Master secret, belonged to Sun-Moon Empire. Perhaps, they through the Martial Soul deep meaning, have any means to help itself restore the body, particularly that the ability of man...... ,,?,,,,,,,, Thinks of here, heart of Xu Tianran unconscious is earnest. Thinks Ju Zi(orange), in his heart has filled intensely **. Can he not like being so attractive and able War-God Empress? That is his empress! May not have the means to go on the body to conquer, such pain, is fatal regarding any man. Even if Xu Tianran such one generation of fierce and ambitiouses is no exception. ,,**?!,, Outside Shrek City, hundred li (0.5km), Sun-Moon Empire army, commander tent! ,,,! Ju Zi(orange) sits on the position, looks at reconnaissances in hand to report that on the elegant face is revealing the light smile. ,, Shrek? Why do I want to attack Shrek? This Academy is in that man heart the most important place, in any event, I will not destroy Shrek easily. However, this actually does not affect me to attack Dou Ling and Star Luo, particularly, Star Luo! ??,,,,,! Although in the Ju Zi(orange) heart, the past hatred desalinated gradually, but desalinates actually does not represent to put behind that what polarity is, she currently had the feeling that all grasped, anticipated arrival of that day. ,,,,, Was the Star Lou Empire army has destroyed own homeland, was turned into orphan all alone by oneself, if not so, will meet Xu Tianran? ,,,? In any event, in the future must destroy Star Lou Empire, only then so, can dispel the innermost feelings most profound hatred. ,,, Just, her goal, is actually not Star Luo. ,, "empress!" Appearance that the jet black form is quietly together in commander tent, anybody has not notified. "!", Regarding his arrival, Ju Zi(orange) as if already had been used to it, stands up, be with smile on the face [say / way]: "State Master, you came." ,,,:"," "Um." Zongli Wu nodded, gradually arrives from the Ju Zi(orange) not far place stops the footsteps, "empress, when does the preparation attack Shrek?" "",,",?" Ju Zi(orange) said: "Is away from the deadline eight days that we give, State Master do not worry." :"," Zongli Wu desolate [say / way]: "empress, do you plan and a Shrek lecture of prestige really? Full Continent that believes now the Shrek Academy praying for rescue letter send. Soon, the reinforcements from Star Lou Empire and Dou Ling Empire will arrive. At that time, we paid more prices to be able them to rout compared with the price. Doesn't empress consider the casualty situation of officers? At our present military strength, may trample flat Shrek anytime." :",?,,?," Ju Zi(orange) shaking the head of gently, said: "State Master should be most familiar to Shrek Academy. Then, State Master believes that if our present storms, how many prices the victory does need to pay?" ,:",,,?" Zongli Wu has gawked, he said: "Shrek Academy accepted Sky Soul Empire remnants, in addition city defense force, most also 100,000 people. Even if some Defensive Soul Guidance Device, the quantity will not be many. But our 800,000 armies, have eight Soul Engineer Corp. Only Soul Engineer Corp strength, sufficiently broken city." ,:",,100000,800000,," Ju Zi(orange) said: "No, is not simple. Material that obtains from currently us, Shrek Academy had has produced nine levels to install the Soul Guidance Cannon ball surely the ability. As for producing many us was not clear. Moreover, in Shrek Academy, powerhouse like clouds. In Sea God Pavilion each Ancient Elder has almost the strength of Transcendent Douluo rank. Once compelled anxiously them, this had ten thousand years of accumulation formidable Academy, has not known that must burst out many energies. Regarding us, encircles not to attack now is the best means. As for reinforcements that you said that is actually I most wants to see that the reinforcements came, to us is the genuine big good deed." :",,,,,,,,,," In the Zongli Wu eye the cold brightness dodges, he is not a fool, listened to the Ju Zi(orange) words, what has realized, "empress, illuminated you saying that this time you didn't plan to attack Shrek?" ,,,,",,?" Ju Zi(orange) said: "Now is also not the time. Emperor Dragon and Evil Tyrant two Soul Engineer Corp at night the day before yesterday already. Our army tents are invariable, but had 50,000 people to evacuate the camp successively, coordinating two Soul Engineer Corp to move. The front, we only needed to attract the attention of Shrek Academy to be OK. Attacks truly is also not the time, but deceptive attack words, actually yes." :",50000,,,," Zongli Wu aura some are not uniform, sinking sound track: "By our present strengths, even if attacks Shrek Academy really whole-heartedly, can certainly break the city, even if they can revolt, we didn't have strong enough striking power? Once Shrek City were broken, then, Star Lou Empire and Dou Ling Empire mind pillar vanished, when the time comes series Continent is just round the corner. I do not understand why empress must delay!" ,:",,,,?,,,!" Ju Zi(orange) light [say / way]: "State Master, please do not forget own status, you are Army Supervisor, is actually not commander. Strategic tactics, must be own master. If you have any discontented, can propose to your majesty. If your majesty did not agree that my course of action, I am willing to change." :",,,,,," The breath of Zongli Wu is somewhat rapid, regarding Ju Zi(orange), why does not know, in his heart actually a little fears. Naturally is not the frightened Ju Zi(orange) strength. In his opinion, takes cultivating of Ju Zi(orange) as, he can pinch easily him. But, this Ju Zi(orange) was really too fearful, she in direction of army, must be blessed by God simply. ,,,,,,,, The Zongli Wu age is not small, but he actually completely cannot completely understand tactical arrangement of Ju Zi(orange) when army command. Not only one time, when he is puzzled, the Ju Zi(orange) god came the pen to achieve the decisive success. ,,, Therefore, he has not dared to offend Ju Zi(orange) really completely. Let alone, side Ju Zi(orange) also has the support of numerous nine levels of Soul Engineer. The Holy Spirit Cult powerhouse who he brings although quantity are many. But on the other hand, fearing of Soul Engineer to Evil Soul Master, does not have Soul Master to Evil Soul Master is so serious. ,,,, "Snort! empress puts best into it." Zongli Wu flings the robe sleeve, turns around to go. "!", Ju Zi(orange) looks at his back, gives a calm smile, "does not deliver." ,,"" -------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------- Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket, our peerless Tang Sect cartoons, have transmitted the peerless Tang Sect cartoon newly, everybody transmitted in our prestigious platforms: Peerless Tang Sect 127, consult. ,,,:127, Joins the method of our platform to be very simple, prestige - top right-hand corner plus sign - increases friend - search public number - searches Tang three few, has the authentication. ,----, The quickest renewal, non- ball window reading invited. ,

 





DD2 - V.#12 - #561 In crazy practice


In any country historical, the marshal and Army Supervisor very difficult thought to be unified, otherwise Army Supervisor was also useless. ,, Zongli Wu this Army Supervisor naturally is not Xu Tianran wants to send, but the Holy Spirit Cult potential is big, he has to such do. Holy Spirit Cult wants in the thought in the army seeping not to be a day two days. ,, However, continuously by the present, the effect is not good. After all, Evil Soul Master makes most people repel eventually, Soul Master or Soul Engineer, are so. ,,,,, Gazes after the Zongli Wu form to vanish outside the tent, a Ju Zi(orange) pair of beautiful pupil narrows the eyes slightly, both hands surround in the front. ,, These repugnant Evil Soul Master, have them to impede, own plan is very difficult to implement perfectly. If there is an opportunity...... ,, The Holy Spirit Cult present function became getting smaller, after Innate Body Sect was ruined thoroughly, the Holy Spirit Cult only function, in fact resists the Shrek Academy powerhouse. If not because in Holy Spirit Cult has existences of two big Limit Douluo, perhaps Xu Tianran already found the way to surrender them thoroughly. ,,,, Copes with Holy Spirit Cult, actually Ju Zi(orange) and Xu Tianran common idea. This Evil Soul Master clan/sect, will rebel in the future surely. Once the Continent unification, perhaps they can do everything possible captures the domination of country, how as to do, these surreptitious Evil Soul Master have certainly their method. ,,,,, In the future this unification entire Continent country commanding general is own son, Ju Zi(orange) how, regardless of not to make Holy Spirit Cult prevail. , Thought of the son, the body of Ju Zi(orange) slightly shivered, the look also became gentle. ,, Before departure, she asked a Sun-Moon Empire top powerhouse to protect oneself son, the goal of aiming, not the enemy who might present, but Holy Spirit Cult! She most feared that now, is Holy Spirit Cult in secret starts to own son Xu Yunhan, that is most fearful. ,,,,!,, War in the frontal battlefield must quickly end is good, only then all in frontal battlefield had finished, after oneself return to the empire, can carry on the next step plan. ,,, Wipes the light chill in the air to appear in the Ju Zi(orange) eye pupil, matter that she must carry on, not only but unifies Continent to be so simple. Moreover, unifies Continent, does not need to complete quickly. ,,,, Shrek City, Tang Sect. , "Buzz" mind Soul Nucleus shivers fiercely, making Huo Yuhao within the body burst out extremely intense mind fluctuation outward. "", Eye of Destiny in voluntarily opened, in inside profound darkness, mind Soul Nucleus ray twinkle, but has actually been shivering in unstable fierce. ,,, On the Huo Yuhao face is revealing color resolutely. Old Mu left his these to control mind Soul Nucleus liquid Spiritual Power to vanish, after having absorbed these Spiritual Power, his mind Soul Nucleus also became more formidable. However, was Huo Yuhao has won many precious time similarly. ,,, Now his Absolute Ice Soul Nucleus of chest place was stronger, the velocity of whirl also arrived at the naked eye the degree that is difficult to distinguish. , With the help of Old Mu, Huo Yuhao do not know how long has insisted, but Absolute Ice Soul Nucleus of chest place at least increased three times in this time. ,, At this time although that Absolute Ice Soul Nucleus has not formed, but not like initial time was so frail, it became strong, really congealed just liked together the ice crystal, the velocity of whirl also started regarding the influence of mind Soul Nucleus becomes bigger and bigger. ,,,, Both each other collide, Huo Yuhao autogenous control that initiates continues to shiver. , Snow Emperor and Ice Emperor showed their formidable strengths, to present, they maintains unusual was stable. ,, Under the function of Dragon Pill, the Huo Yuhao body intensity also increased, at least so far can also insist. ,, Octagonal does not have the sound, Ice Bear King Xiao Bai (Little White) actually to assist Huo Yuhao throughout, consolidates the meridians and internal organs of Huo Yuhao by his strength. ,, Mermaid Princess Li Ya in Old Mu Spiritual Power since later, temporarily has rested, now is also ready that momentarily again has gotten rid. ,, The method of Yin-Yang Supplement cultivates present this stage, Huo Yuhao to be unable to back down, he is very clear, once is defeated, oneself perhaps was not only injured was so simple, because the Absolute Ice energy group of chest place already quite formidable, inside absorbed has been equal to oneself normal time about 30% Soul Power. ,,,,,, This degree of Soul Power is also not enough to form Soul Nucleus, but that compresses to the Absolute energy, once explodes, actually sufficiently integrated the body scrap of Dragon Clan bloodlines him. ,, Stands firm the mind , to continue is maintaining the current condition, Huo Yuhao after these days tempering, the mentality was gentler. ,,, Six big spirits add the help of Old Mu, if was unable to succeed, the future will not have the least bit successful possibility. ,, Therefore, in any event must insist that accomplishes the whole task at one stroke. ,, mind Soul Nucleus is rotating crazily, the mind energy that Old Mu injected before no doubt is temporary sluggish it, but similarly, has very big nutritious effect . The energy at this time in this mind Soul Nucleus bursting out is becoming more and more powerful. Is attacking the Huo Yuhao willpower time and time again. ,,, mind Soul Nucleus is now wanted by Spiritual Power that under the Huo Yuhao control releases to distance that Absolute Ice Soul Nucleus, will come under the influence of Absolute Ice Soul Nucleus, to shatter and being defeated and dispersed, were absorbed suddenly again by mind Soul Nucleus. Is this, mind Soul Nucleus is the anger. Some people contend for the domain, can it look on? ,,,,,? In the laboratory, the temperature started to continue to reduce, Octagonal Mysterious Ice Grass was quietly has braved from Huo Yuhao within the body, iced on the blue leave of grass to release the gentle ray, started to bloom to belong to its strength outward. ,,,, Octagonal Ice Source Concentration! ! In the air, the Absolute Ice aura was absorbed by it rapidly, then injects into Huo Yuhao within the body, the Absolute Ice energy that it absorbs transmits to Snow Emperor directly, is consolidating the Snow Emperor strength. ,,,, Huo Yuhao oneself cannot feel these, his energy completely immerses on own Spiritual Power. The condition of whole person also in that side. , Has not known how long, fierce painful and mind Soul Nucleus wreaked havoc crazily makes him probably unable to support finally. After obtaining Dragon Pill moistens the body, starts to present that type to be torn the general great suffering. ,, Mermaid Princess Li Ya invested to his assistance during. But to this stage, crazy mind Soul Nucleus is not she can contain, can only help Huo Yuhao return to normal reluctantly slightly energy in the mind Soul Nucleus. ,, Iced the blue air current to sweep across at this time on. The Snow Emperor ice crystal, moved finally once again, as before is upward float. The Snow Emperor mind aura looks like Huo Yuhao ice Xue Nu god sigh general ice-cold is hard, stabs instantaneously Huo Yuhao mind Soul Nucleus, lets that mind Soul Nucleus crazy seemed sprinkled trough cold water, has stopped. ,,,,, Snow Emperor melts the ice crystal to explode suddenly, changes into complicated, toward Huo Yuhao that extreme twist the Absolute Ice energy group has twined. ,,, Snow Emperor! ! Although Huo Yuhao at this time is in the condition of being in deep sorrow, all he but who Snow Emperor is can the clear feeling. , Although he does not know that Snow Emperor does this will have what kind of injury to her, but he actually felt of snowy area resolutely. , Snow Emperor she! ! "Buzz" chest place, the Absolute Ice energy group erupts in fierce shivering, the fluctuation of energy of surge jumps to shoot just like the blowout generally outward. "",, Huo Yuhao only thought that chest place suddenly one tight, these plunged mind Soul Nucleus Spiritual Power of chest position, is defeated and dispersed instantaneously, the pain on his body bearing also temporarily vanished. ,,,, These Absolute Ice energies that the Snow Emperor ice crystal explodes, is such pure, just like ice belts, quietly in disturbance Absolute Ice energy group. ,,, These ice belts twine, not only has not made the speed of Absolute Ice energy group revolving reduce, instead a about step promotion its revolving. During the extreme twist, the Absolute Ice energy rolls itself to burst out buzz the whining noise unceasingly. Internal Absolute Ice energy was being compressed crazily, the formidable feeling also outward spreads from the Huo Yuhao chest place along with it. ,,,, That Absolute Ice energy group almost during the time that in short several times breathe expanded ten times, when it almost fills in the Huo Yuhao entire chest cavity, actually suddenly contracts, was suppressed by a strange strength is changing the beforehand size. ,,, Soul Nucleus color had the change directly, turned into the insightful dark blue, around this insightful shuttle depth molded blue color energy group, presented one piece jet black such as the nighttime sky general silent darkness. ,,, Soul Nucleus? Is this Soul Nucleus appearance? At least is beginning to take shape Soul Nucleus. ?? Huo Yuhao is surprised. Must know that in his judgment, at least must maintain three times of time like the beforehand condition, but also needs extremely huge Absolute Ice energy, has the possibility to condense Soul Nucleus! But Snow Emperor launch of suddenly, made the Absolute Ice energy of his chest place take shape toward the Soul Nucleus direction congealment directly. This is strange so is incessantly simple, simply is the miracle! ,,,,!,,! Snow Emperor, actually have you used what kind of strength? ,? mind Soul Nucleus after receiving Snow Emperor Spiritual Power attacks the short stagnation, erupts once more. This time, Huo Yuhao cannot block completely. Powerful incomparable Spiritual Power, directly soared Absolute Ice Soul Nucleus that the Huo Yuhao chest place just took shape to hit the past. That crazy mind fluctuation, must eliminate it to be then quick that Absolute Ice Soul Nucleus without doubt. ,,,, However, at this time, Huo Yuhao felt is not the pain, but is cool of chest place. ,,, That crazy Spiritual Power when will soon hit Absolute Ice Soul Nucleus, a formidable thought is mixing the Absolute Ice strength suddenly, counter- volume on. Froze that crazy Spiritual Power unexpectedly instantaneously. ,, Yes, freezes. Can Spiritual Power also freeze? Huo Yuhao was shocked completely. ,? ---------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------- Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket. The quickest renewal, non- ball window reading invited. ,

 





DD2 - V.#12 - #561 Under crazy practice


Ribbon Absolute Ice strengths rise upwardly, has spread to mind Soul Nucleus, that feeling, seems like counter-attacking general. ,,, What Huo Yuhao cannot see, because at this time Octagonal Mysterious Ice Grass of his outside the body displayed Octagonal Ice Source Concentration to arrive at the Absolute condition, itself fierce was shivering, each leave of grass seemed transparent in the general, entire room, the cold wind howled, innumerable Ice Element crazy entered to his within the body to rush forth. ,,,,,, Protecting and sustaining of Ice Bear King Xiao Bai (Little White) to Huo Yuhao body suddenly had also finished, the innumerable Bai Se (White Color) tiny energy groups' toward Huo Yuhao Absolute Ice Soul Nucleus well up under its control, dissolves with that Soul Nucleus as one. ,, Ice Emperor is controlling the Ice Jade Emperor Scorpion Torso Bone aquamarine flows, a little bit deep green liquid, unceasingly to that Absolute Ice Soul Nucleus in seepage and spread. ,, "With my name, the spirit of Ice Heavenly Snow Woman, friendly!" ",,!" "Bang" "" Huo Yuhao whole body big change, he only thought own chest as well as the entire body have blasted out in this flash completely. Shortly, in the brain a blank, the thought stops, the thought of whole person also as if by unequalled devastation, with his mind Soul Nucleus same place, fell into a blank. ,,,,,, ...... Star Dou Forest. Central area, Great Ominous Land. , Lake of Life tranquil looks like a giant emerald. Surrounding is growing each plant, has filled with the life aura. Even if here breathes, can feel life energy that it brings. ,, What a pity, here regarding almost all has the strength biology, is the life-forbidden zones. ,, "Bang" fierce thundered to blast out, broke the tranquility of nature. Since the jet black form from the Lake of Life center, brings the innumerable lake water together instantaneously. "",, The lake water changes into the mist, is coiling around by that black form absorption, the black form also on that hovering in the midair. ,, The long hair lets fall from the face by, in the jet black eye pupil spills over the golden brilliance, but in his eye pupil deep place, is actually revealing the surprised uncertain color at this time. ,,, "What's the matter? Why couldn't I feel his existence?" Thinking aloud that handsome black clothed man muttered. "??" As the present age first powerhouse, the head of Ten Great Ferocious Beasts. Beast God Di Tian always has the enormous confidence regarding oneself. , Humanity is formidable, does not have any humanity to shake him the status of powerhouse on Continent. , The floating body falls the shore, in the Di Tian eye is revealing color looking pensive. , His right hand draws strange arcs in void, quick, black rune emerged out of thin air. ,, The black mist fills the air, in the Di Tian eye golden light dodges, but under flickers, the look in his eyes becomes sinks to congeal. ,,, Could not feel. Why? ? Can awaken from the deep sleep him, naturally had the extremely important matter, but this matter relates to the Star Dou Forest future. ,, The aura of that person disappears. In a moment ago, him clearly felt that has Huo Yuhao of oneself Reverse Scale attachment, the aura vanishes suddenly. Has not left any trace. ,,, The aura vanishes, has a situation, that is, death! At least looks like in Di Tian, should be this. ,,,!, But, his Reverse Scale, not only supervises Huo Yuhao, is also protecting him. Once he encounters the danger, own Reverse Scale will send out warning omen immediately, is Beast God he, can save Huo Yuhao immediately. ,,,,,, Although Di Tian appreciates Huo Yuhao very much, was Huo Yuhao has created the Spirit Transferring Pagoda organization, at least temporarily has relaxed the relations between human and Soul Beast. But, in his heart, Huo Yuhao eventually is only a humanity, has the humanity of use value. ,,,,, He cannot make Huo Yuhao die, that is because has Destiny Divine Beast Three Eyed Golden Lion Power of Destiny in Huo Yuhao within the body. Only then he is living, the aura of that destiny has been caring for Star Dou Forest. Although not like former Three Eyed Golden Lion, when is so formidable, but at least has certain function. ,,, But similarly he cannot make Huo Yuhao formidable, this humanity is having the extremely high talent, if one day, his to turn into a god goes, Star Dou Forest similarly will also lose caring for of that Power of Destiny. ,,,, Therefore, Di Tian closely has been monitoring Huo Yuhao change. When Huo Yuhao has triggered the attention of God Realm, he immediately seal without hesitation his strength, having kept him from communicating with God Realm. How to see as for Huo Yuhao that was not the issue that he can ponder. ,,,, Can a humanity, again formidable how? One have reached this world limit, humanity is how regardless of being unable to defeat own. ,?, But, is in this case, his aura actually suddenly vanished. This has gone beyond the Di Tian cognition category completely. ,, Di Tian is very confident to own Reverse Scale, that Reverse Scale is not the ordinary scale, but is equal existence of his doppelganger. By Reverse Scale, he can accurately locate, some strengths transfers by the space deep meaning that oneself control. ,,,, But he not only now cannot feel existence of Huo Yuhao, even could not feel including oneself Reverse Scale aura, how can not make him be startled? ,,? Cannot feel existence of Reverse Scale, he cannot his strength transmission in the past, examine the Huo Yuhao situation. ,, It is not right, certainly has any incorrect place. Di Tian eyes narrows the eyes, he cannot make Power of Destiny be separated from his control. ,, That side Huo Yuhao had certainly problems, should be he uses any ability to shield itself temporarily and induction between Reverse Scale, thus is unable to induce him. Since he has such done, certainly has the goal. ,,, It is not good, must have a look, position that Reverse Scale induces finally, in Shrek City. ,,, The worst result, has abandoned this boy, then forever keeps in Star Dou Forest, finds the way to continue the life for him again. Although such one, Power of Destiny may have problems, but must compared with losing many. ,,,,, One step steps forward, Di Tian vanished baseless, when the personal appearance appears again, arrived above a kilometer upper air. The personal appearance dodges again, airborne has as if ripped open an opening, he one step enters into, opening closed, this formidable Beast God vanished. ,,,,,,, After Shrek City extension, among the distance with Star Dou Forest was very near and was very near. , After one minute, when the Di Tian black form appears in the midair, in Shrek City has sounded the grating warning immediately. ,, Tang Sect Soul Guidance Device as well as the development of Shrek Academy Soul Guidance Hall is quite quick. Surface-to-air Surveying Soul Guidance Device and upper air Surveying Soul Guidance Device also had. But compared with Sun-Moon Empire, in the survey effect in the quantity, has not the small disparity. ,, Airborne are suddenly many a person, Shrek City here Surveying Soul Guidance Device had discovered immediately that in the ground and city wall, numerous Soul Guidance Device have locked that black form immediately. ,,, When the discovery has a person, in the Shrek City defense force, ten Soul Engineer lift-offs, encircle immediately rapidly toward the airborne shadow. ,,, "Snort!" Cold snort|hum resounds, the entire sky as if fiercely shivered. That several forms just lifted off, immediately felt a terrifying power suppresses from the sky, was holds back in the ground them unexpectedly directly. Because of some altitudes, several people have therefore broken. "!",,,, "Called Huo Yuhao to come out, this King had the words to ask him." Di Tian double hand back after behind, float in midair he, completely has disregarded Shrek all defensive systems. ",",, The alarm sound changes instantaneously, by beforehand turned into rapid continual resounding gratingly, this has the signal that the powerful enemy invades. ,, The Shrek Academy direction, several form lift-offs, the leader, is Shrek Academy Martial Soul Faculty Dean, Yan Shaozhe! ,,,,! The Yan Shaozhe side, Xian Lin'er, Qian Duoduo, Cai Mei'er and Zhang Lexuan several people follow. When they see float in Beast God Di Tian in midair, the complexion slightly changes. , This is not affable! Initially, spirit of Old Xuan and Old Mu collaborated, the reluctant seal he some time, after finally Huo Yuhao convinced is departed, otherwise, that time, Shrek City was dangerous. !,,,,,, "Beast God has been well since last meeting. Does not know that comes my Shrek, what behavior?" Yan Shaozhe both hands at the airborne point, the incandescent color brilliance bloom, change into two pieces of giant wings, has ripped open the airborne oppression strength unexpectedly stiffly, leading the people to rise into the upper air, arrives with the Di Tian similar altitude quickly. ",?",,,,, Di Tian somewhat surprisedly looked at his one eyes, "Yan Shaozhe, your strength progressive quick!" ,",!" Yeah, now this Martial Soul Faculty Dean, Soul Power cultivated for approached initially Old Xuan is becoming the Limit Douluo beforehand standard. Although has not arrived at 98 levels officially, but also is 97 levels of peak boundaries. ,,98,97 Rapidness that such Transcendent Douluo can also promote, has stemmed from the expectation of Di Tian. , Yan Shaozhe itself Martial Soul is the top, in addition help of Heaven and Earth Good Luck Pill, rapidness that such can therefore promote, most several months, he can reach 98 levels again. As for the future whether to break through to 99 levels, must look at the destiny and his perception. ,,,,9899, Even if so, he at present the strength also has surmounted Old Song, becomes first person of Shrek Academy excluding Old Xuan. Although Old Song is the senior 97 levels cultivates is, but must unexpectedly be agility-attack system Battle Soul Master, by Martial Soul background, has a disparity with Yan Shaozhe. ,,97,,, "Beast God overpraised, compared with you, the strength of my this fine powder is the light of glow. Beast God so aggressively arrives at my Shrek, to help my Shrek altogether imperial foreign enemy?" At the same time was saying, Yan Shaozhe has also referred to the direction outside city. ",,,?", Di Tian is gawked that he said that turned head to look at one toward the city outside. Although Sun-Moon Empire army beyond hundred li (0.5km), but naturally can see clearly by the Beast God vision. His pupil has also contracted, because outside Shrek City these human armies made him feel the danger unexpectedly. In other words, in that side, has any strength to threaten him. ,,,,, "I am not help your. Your humanity their matter are solved. I am look for Huo Yuhao. Let him come out, I have matter to ask him." Saying of Di Tian coldly . He will not be swindled. He does not have favorable impression to any humanity. ","

 





DD2 - V.#12 - #562 In the powerful of beastly god


Yan Shaozhe has as if gawked, "Yuhao? Did he come back? I do not know! Some time ago he left Academy, went to Sun-Moon Empire to carry out the task. Afterward again did not see him." ,"??!," Xian Lin'er behind showed the whites of the eyes in him, this person, talks nonsense does not bring to have the rough draft, really spoke thoughtlessly. Owed he is also 97 levels cultivated for the person. ,,,97 "Nonsense, I clearly felt his aura in Shrek City." In the Di Tian eye the cold brightness twinkle, "Yan Shaozhe, do not feign ignorance with me. I give you ten breaths time, making Huo Yuhao come out. Otherwise, do not blame this King not being impolite." ",",",,," "How Beast God this is must impolite law Ah?" old sound resound, the yellow luminescence shoots up to the sky together. Before the formidable imposing manner , the Beast God Di Tian arrangement in the airborne oppression strength, cracks-up unexpectedly completely. Suddenly the free time, arrived in front of Di Tian. "?",,,, "Um?" Di Tian looks to appear in oneself front Old Xuan, once more is startled. The promotion of Yan Shaozhe has made him be surprised, but 97 levels of strengths also insufficiently look before him. But, Old Xuan is different, he clearly felt on the Old Xuan second Soul Nucleus aura. "?",,97,, This generally does not exist to have, is true second Soul Nucleus, second Soul Nucleus of Limit Douluo strength! ,,! In Soul Beast, these have practiced several hundred thousand years of Transcendent Soul Beast, by the strength, can compare favorably with human Limit Douluo, the Soul Power total quantity is not inferior. But on the other hand, really facing on Limit Douluo, achievement possibly is small. The reason was Limit Douluo had second Soul Nucleus, but Soul Beast wanted to condense second Soul Nucleus is extremely difficult, can only use the method of Yin-Yang Supplement, can succeed. ,,,,,,,,, In Ten Great Ferocious Beasts, has completed second Soul Nucleus truly successfully, in fact only then he and Evil Eye Tyrant Ruler. This is also why initially Evil Eye Tyrant Ruler dared to come to challenge his reason. ,, Naturally, after Ferocious Beasts completes second Soul Nucleus, will become incomparably formidable, Di Tian even believes that even if on this world all Limit Douluo will gather, will not be his match. ,,,,, However, this idea, although exists, but same, Di Tian also fully realizes the great strength of Limit Douluo. He is capable of defeating Limit Douluo, but to kill Limit Douluo, his oneself must pay certain price. Therefore, after he feels Old Xuan became Limit Douluo, is surprised. He is very clear, Old Xuan has stopped many years in 98 levels of that levels, by the physical state of humanity, not too possibly again breaks through according to the truth. But he actually broke through. ,,,,,,,,98,, Di Tian coldly [say / way]: "Xuan Zi, you believe that you break through into Limit Douluo, can contend with this King?" :",,,?" The Old Xuan vision is cold, "can, that probably try to know. For these years, our Shrek to your Star Dou Forest well water not interfering with river water. Also vigorously promotes the Spirit Transferring Pagoda organization. Thus greatly reduced in hunting and killing of Soul Beast to your Star Dou Forest. I do not know that actually your today's goal is what, but, you provoke like this our Shrek, thinks really we did take you not to have the means? Di Tian, you do not give me today a view, we have not ended." ,",,,,,?,," Occupies the truth, Old Xuan comes up to grasp the initiative in own hand. , The Di Tian look slightly has also glittered, truly, the Star Dou Forest aspect and Shrek City truly were in the honeymoon for these years, both sides acted in harmony, the Star Dou Forest Soul Beast death quantity greatly reduced. Especially previous Huo Yuhao, Beibei, Xu Sanshi, Jiang Nannan and the others pledged in Spirit Transferring Pagoda, no longer injury any Soul Beast. This matter touches Jade Swan Jade Woman. Thus about one step has also pulled closer each other both sides' relations. ,,,,,, But this time , he because feels Huo Yuhao change, comes the important person rashly, truly does not stand in the principle. Was turned the powerful by Old Xuan excuse, making Di Tian somewhat have nothing to say in reply. ,,,, The peace both are favorable for both sides, but oneself today wants to look for Huo Yuhao, without doubt before will affect, peace picture that has built. ,, But if, does not look for Huo Yuhao, can he be resigned? He knows eagerly that actually what happened on Huo Yuhao. Why could not feel including oneself Reverse Scale aura. ,,?, "Xuan Zi, my this time comes, but there is a matter to inquire Huo Yuhao, with your Shrek for the enemy. You called him, I asked that his several words walked." Although Di Tian is strong, but also similarly has the scruples, he biggest scruples, are the subjects in Star Dou Forest. His expression also softened several points. ",,,,",,, Old Xuan sighed, said: "Beast God, Yuhao this child, because resisted the powerful enemy before, experiences personally heavy wound. At this time suffocated. In him the one powerful offensive of enemy. If Beast God is really good for him, that should help us resist the powerful enemy together." ,:",,,," "Was injured by the enemy formidable attack?" Listened to a Old Xuan such saying, Di Tian also really to believe several points. If some specially formidable attacks, before for example, he had seen that Grim Reaper Douluo with the aid of the attack of Grim Reaper Tower, but may also make his Reverse Scale lose the effectiveness really temporarily. If so, passing of explanation. "?",,,, He will not help the human solution humanity fight. However, in some sense, Star Dou Forest is also considered as now is the Shrek Academy ally, cannot know that is a matter. Was informed in the presence of everyone does not say does not help. ,,, Di Tian has hesitated, said: "By Shrek ten thousand years of background, resists this small and weak enemy also to have the issue? After these, said again that I have a look at Yuhao first. If his injury is serious, I find the way to help him treat. You should understand that I do not hope similarly he died. After all has Emperor Auspicious Beast Three Eyed Golden Lion Power of Destiny on him. Leads me to go." ,:",?,,," In the Old Xuan heart criticizes, really becomes a ghost old, this Di Tian was also too difficult to handle. Does he possibly make Di Tian see Huo Yuhao? ,,? Beast God arrives suddenly, Old Xuan naturally understands that is because Huo Yuhao is breaking through the second Soul Nucleus reason. Although he does not know how Beast God is the sensation, but reason also only then possibly is this. Di Tian rushed at this time, had proven a matter, that is, Yuhao likely must succeed. At this critical moment, Old Xuan is how regardless of not to make Di Tian disturb Huo Yuhao. ,,,,,,, Sighed one lightly, Old Xuan some, but also firm shaking the head, "Beast God, perhaps was not good. The Yuhao injury has processed, now is resting, our doctors urged specially, anyone, cannot disturb him. Is inferior to this, in your present Academy lives, waits for Yuhao to be slightly good, I lead you to visit him again." ,,",,,,,,,," "Um?" In the Beast God eye the ray dodges, he also felt that is not right, coldly snorted, "Xuan Zi, you in protracted time. Let Huo Yuhao come out, or leads me to see him. Otherwise, do not blame this King not being impolite. this King lived several hundred thousand years , the acrobatics of your humanity I have seen were many, wants to deceive me, dream of a fool." "?",,,",,,,,," Old Xuan is also the complexion changes, sinking sound track: "Beast God, you must violate our beforehand contracts, can with our humanity be the enemy?" ,:",,?" Beast God complexion one black, he truly only wants to have a look at the Huo Yuhao situation, that side the Spirit Transferring Pagoda organization actually not to be affected, that must unexpectedly be to the entire Star Dou Forest advantageous matter. ,,, Hesitated slightly, Beast God had set firm resolve. After all, Power of Destiny is more important, that was he can pass the important guarantee of next bottleneck day tribulation. ,,, "Xuan Zi, do not make me say one again. My patience has the limit." "," The Old Xuan heart also sinks, looks at the Beast God ice-cold look, he knows that this time did not have the swivel leeway. ,,, "Good, since Beast God does without sparing anyone's sensibilities, that comes. To disturb Yuhao therapy, you crossed first my this close said again." ",,," In the Beast God Di Tian eye the ray dodges, does not get angry from the prestige, the back black hair flutters slightly, "do you want to challenge to me?" ,,,"?" Old Xuan laughs, "after old man breaks through into Limit Douluo, had not found the appropriate match to try the hand, since Beast God arrives at this today, actually that happen to tries me and Continent's Number One Expert disparity big." ,",," "Is very good. this King not for oneself, you, if can under my offensive insist that half double-hour, that this King turns around walks. Otherwise, this King does not injure your Shrek City people, you lead me to see Huo Yuhao. Does not affect us to cooperate." ",,,," In the Old Xuan eye the ray dodges, "hit had said again." At the same time was saying, Old Xuan is gets away, flew toward higher airborne. ,"",, The Beast God Di Tian personal appearance is motionless, the shadow only dodges, arrived compared with a Old Xuan higher place, static waiting. ,,, Yan Shaozhe, Xian Lin'er and the others with, instead have not been draws back far, the fight of Limit Douluo level, is not they can affect, but sensibility in this fight will promote to have the advantage to them in the future very much. ,,,, Two forms increase unceasingly, to stopped from a ground five kilometers altitude. , Soul Ring bloom from Old Xuan, the dignified imposing manner made the entire sky turn into the yellow. , Di Tian proudly float in midair, is feeling Old Xuan Soul Power fluctuation silently. The corners of the mouth place reveals color of the disdaining, "Xuan Zi, as before is Equal Resonance second Soul Nucleus of your humanity, although I do not know how you succeed. But you should understand that you before me, the opportunity are not many." ,,",,,," Old Xuan coldly snorted, how "does not try to know. Asked Beast God to advise." At the same time was saying, his right hand lifts, toward Di Tian, when the chest pats. ,"",, The entire sky fiercely shook, the intense yellow color ray congealed a height to surpass kilometer huge Gluttonous Divine Bull of behind Old Xuan, the light shadow twinkle, splendid sight. ,,, -------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------- Our peerless Tang Sect cartoon fifth volume, on the 15 of the month the nation went on the market, everybody transmitted in our prestige platform: The fifth volume, three characters, can obtain the automatic reply, first sees the title page and complimentary gift. Asks to your surrounding bookstores quickly when receipts. Hey. Extremely fine. ,15,:,,,, Joins our prestigious platforms to be very simple, prestige - top right-hand corner plus sign - increases friend - search public number - searches Tang three few, has the authentication, is our families. ,----,, The quickest renewal, non- ball window reading invited. ,

 





DD2 - V.#12 - #562 In the powerful of beastly god


To their this levels, any simple movement is the extremely formidable attack, simplifies, Soul Ability instead was not that important. ,,, Di Tian stands there minute as before quite motionless, the black ray locates from his chest together to rush forth, Old Xuan that palm lays out, only thought that front air fierce distortion, a terrifying suction transmits suddenly instantaneously. Unexpectedly is that clean of palm strength absorption he lays out. ,,,,, "Um?" In Old Xuan heart one startled, "Space Power?" "?","?" Di Tian said indifferently: "this King enters this level, was earlier than for several hundred thousand years you, realizing from experience in this aspect, your also difference was too far and is too far. Although the God Realm limit, our Soul Beast cannot to turn into a god, but on Douluo Continent, in your humanity, never possibly some people are my match." :",,,,,,," Old Xuan coldly snorted, both hands in front, back Gluttonous Divine Bull erupt one to roar suddenly dreadfully. Above both hands of Old Xuan, presented one group to congeal thick brown bright sphere. ,,,, This group of bright sphere seem extremely strange, the interior seems the entity shape, the place that above float are actually dividing, each is sending out the strange brilliance, including part also likely is the wave flows. ,,,, "Um?" This time was one's turn Di Tian to be surprised, "you in Imitation Continent?" "?","?" Old Xuan light [say / way]: "Meets my one move, day shouts should." His both hands brace forth slowly, the movement is very slow, that yellow bright sphere flies slowly, flies in the Di Tian direction with the extremely slow speed. :",",,, But also at this time, mysterious appeared, in their grounds, Shrek City, is outside the city the broad plain, even is the direction of Sun-Moon Empire big camp. In the ground starts to send out a yellow luminescence, toward airborne flies to shoot to go. In an instant. The line of sight may and in the range, the earth has as if awakened generally, releases that rich earth attribute energy, crazy toward airborne flies to swing to go. ,,,,,,,,, Sun-Moon Empire big camp. When two big powerhouses rise into the upper air. Sun-Moon Empire was alarmed. Ju Zi(orange) arrives at outside under the numerous nine levels of Soul Engineer guards, appears with her outside similarly. Holy Spirit Cult numerous powerhouses. , When Old Xuan behind transforms kilometer huge Gluttonous Divine Bull, the first discoloration, is Holy Spirit Cult Cult Master Zongli Wu. ,, "Limit Douluo? Shrek Academy Sea God Pavilion Master has Xuan Zi been the Limit Douluo level unexpectedly?" In the Zongli Wu eye full is shocking. "??" Evil Soul Master compares in ordinary Soul Master no doubt has the superiority, but. After this superiority to the Transcendent Douluo level, did not exist. Limit Douluo appears means anything, he is clear. Must know, now Holy Spirit Cult two big Limit Douluo both not here. ,,, But the Limit Douluo strength, is not general Soul Guidance Device can injure. Zongli Wu first time thought that War-God Empress Ju Zi(orange) does not attack the strategy, as if also some truth. This Shrek Academy background truly is behind. After Old Mu dies, this how long. New Limit Douluo appeared. ,,,, But, who is his match? ,? Di Tian together black form, has not shown his aura, therefore Sun-Moon Empire. All people were suspecting that can as a Limit Douluo match, who that be able to be? ,,,,? Ju Zi(orange) brow tight wrinkle, she does not know that what happened, Shrek Academy presents Limit Douluo unexpectedly, this is the important matter, but his also match, both sides as if must spell hardly, this somewhat is also strange. If these two powerhouses of Limit Douluo levels are Shrek Academy, perhaps, her plan really might have problems. Must know, symbol that existence of Limit Douluo that level, almost does not die. If determined to do the destruction, perhaps oneself really somewhat troubled. ,,,,,,,,,,, In this time, the earth is starting to ascend that piece by piece close yellow color luminous spot, sees this, Zongli Wu is also the complexion big change. He is also existence of Transcendent Douluo level, very clear this means anything. ,,,, "Xuan Zi, not only became Limit Douluo, moreover mastered oneself Martial Soul true meaning. This is the phenomenon that the Martial Soul feedback world presents. How he comes up to use like this big move, is his match, actually who?" ",,,?" Was in this time darkly, the sky suddenly. Old Xuan released the horizon that the yellow color ray illuminates, became cloudy. A resonant dragon roar sound gets up. Behind that black form, a big dragon outrageously appears. ,,,, Compared with Gluttonous Divine Bull light shadow that Old Xuan releases, this big dragon height also exceeds the kilometer, but, its body actually must concentrate solid many. It looks like a real dragon arrives simply general. Even but if is the real dragon, does not have the so huge volume! ,,,,! The light shadow twinkle, the real dragon arrives. The terrifying aura also outward bursts out. In the sky, purple black halos drop downward, seems like raining general. After these purple rays descend to certain extent, naturally melts, becomes deep purple halos, was prevents on the earth to ascend unexpectedly, but the yellow color luminous spot, did not let any rose into airborne. ,,,,,,, This is...... "Was Uncle Long comes? Is this Black Dragon, Uncle Long's Darkness Sacred Dragon Martial Soul? But......" in the Zongli Wu mouth exclaimed in surprise, but he felt quickly was not right, because, he saw a pair of golden eye pupil. "?,?",,, "No, this is not Uncle Long. This and this are......, This is Beast God Di Tian, Golden Eyed Black Dragon King, now world most powerhouse, control of Star Dou Forest, Beast God Di Tian!" ",,,,,,!" Such remarks, Sun-Moon Empire, immediately a silence. ,, Although from the judgment, they knows that Star Dou Forest Soul Beast will not involve among humanity the war. But, the Beast God Di Tian given name was really too resounding. On this world, he is the known most powerhouse. ,,, Initially, in Bright Struggle Mountain Range, Grim Reaper Douluo Ye Xishui facing Beast God that drawing support from the Huo Yuhao strength and Reverse Scale arrived, cannot profit unexpectedly, how obviously the Beast God Di Tian strength has been the degree. ,,,, But at this moment, airborne black form obviously is not a projection of Beast God, but is the true Beast God arrival. No wonder, no wonder is Limit Douluo Old Xuan unexpectedly is coming up whole-heartedly, must display the strongest ability to resist. Facing Beast God, who dares to retain? ,,,,,? The terrifying aura from the sky reverberates, Sun-Moon Empire has to plant to keep silent unexpectedly the general feeling. , In the Zongli Wu heart has a crazy sound to shout, Beast God has gotten rid to Shrek City unexpectedly, what does this mean? Means oncoming of their opportunity! If Beast God can break the city, the strategy that their anything does not attack is unimportant. To that time, Shrek City must break. Nobody can in this case not be enticed. ,,?!,,, But, the thought in heart, although is crazy, stands is a character cannot say there Zongli Wu. Because in the sky that dreadful pressure, was makes him also be full of the fear unexpectedly. ,,, This is the pressure that the top powerhouse creates, the pressure that Beast God Di Tian creates! ,! The powerhouses are the powerhouse, person the shade of famous tree, when Sun-Moon Empire these people hear airborne that black form unexpectedly are Beast God Di Tian, their first response is the subconscious backlash, but does not want to cope with Shrek City while this opportunity. ,,,, At this time, the Ju Zi(orange) chilly sound resounded, "passed on the this Commander order, all Soul Guidance Array preparations. Long-distance can linkage Assault Soul Guidance Device prepare launch sufficiently." ,,"," Her voice is not loud, but actually through amplifying Soul Guidance Device spreads outward, enabling each Soul Engineer on the scene to hear clearly. ,, These receive Soul Engineer that frightens, almost shakes, then responded, even if were Zongli Wu, in heart secret ashamed, at this time, a oneself unexpectedly might as well little girl. ,,,,,, However, he explained to himself in heart quickly, the know-nothing party is dauntless, she definitely does not know Beast God strongly. ,,, At this time, the sky and ground, completely is a magnificent picture. Purple black and yellow, two types the luminous spot that has been full of the energy engages in factional strife mutually. But before the Old Xuan body bright sphere that promotes has been away from Di Tian to be getting more and more near. ,,, Di Tian coldly looks at Old Xuan, "Xuan Zi, do you want to go all out with me really? You should know, if Shrek Academy has been short of you, is impossible to resist outside these enemies ** team." ,",?,,**" Does not participate in the human warfare, actually on behalf of Di Tian does not know that this war is any situation. , Old Xuan said indifferently: "It is not I must go all out, but is Beast God must come to provoke, is the Shrek Academy protector, do I want not to manage? Beast God also has no need to take pleasure in others'misfortunes. My Shrek City was extinguished, has the advantage to your Star Dou Forest? The Sun-Moon Empire potential is big, excuse me, if one day, Sun-Moon Empire really has ruled entire Continent, they will let off Soul Beast in your Star Dou Forest? To that time, you are also the Sun-Moon Empire back gardens, what Soul Ring others want, goes to your there to take and that's the end. By that time, perhaps you could not make anything." :",,,?,?,,,,?,,,," "Bold!" Di Tian shouted angrily, the sudden fist rumbled. "!", His fist in rumbling instantaneous, Golden Eyed Black Dragon King light shadow in upper air is also face upwards to exude one to roar. , Old Xuan refuses to admit being inferior, the double pupil turned into the crystal yellow instantaneously, before Gluttonous Divine Bull suddenly clashes, collided with that Golden Eyed Black Dragon King outrageously in one. ,,, Previous time facing Beast God Di Tian time, Old Xuan with the help of Old Mu, has inspired the gluttony bloodlines of Gluttonous Divine Bull within the body, thus made the gluttony swallow Di Tian, keeping him from participating during the attack of that beast tide. Has won enough enough time to Shrek Academy. But present Old Xuan, became true Limit Douluo, what a pity, he does not have the means to rely on his strength to inspire Power of Gluttony as before. ,,,,,,, The collision almost simultaneously appears in huge Martial Soul that they transform as well as they. -------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------- Welcome everybody to play our Magic Chef of Ice and Fire tour, joins our prestige platform, under has the button directly to enter downloads the page, comes the same place quickly. ,,,

 





DD2 - V.#12 - #562 Under the powerful of beastly god


The sky presses suddenly, is Light greatly puts. The terrifying Soul Power fluctuation dispels to the surroundings in upper air in an instant. In over a hundred square kilometers range, all fog will shortly vanish into thin air, but the sky actually as before does not see the sunlight, yellow and purple black that only then engages in factional strife mutually. ,,,, But that terror Xuan imposing manner, made all people shocked sufficiently. , Shrek City and Sun-Moon Empire army, is looking at this earthshaking one. Really understands the person who meaning are not many. But everyone actually deep awareness, this fight regarding Shrek Academy, important. ,,, Zongli Wu arrives at side Ju Zi(orange) quietly, asked in a low voice: "Marshal, when attacks?" ,:",?" Ju Zi(orange) shaking the head of gently, said: "Now is also not the time, when both sides branched out outcome to say truly again. And must act according to circumstances. State Master, I asked your matter." ,:",," "Um? You said." Zongli Wu doubts looks to Ju Zi(orange), in his memory, this empress as if little has the modest inquiry the time. "?",, Ju Zi(orange) said in a low voice: "From your perspective, this Beast God Di Tian is big regarding our threats?", :",?" "Big, naturally is big." Zongli Wu is almost saying without hesitation, "Beast God Di Tian was known as that present age the first powerhouse, has him, Star Dou Forest has the pillar, anyone, enters Star Dou Forest to search Soul Beast to hunt and kill must be careful. Even if my mother is no exception." ",",",,,," Ju Zi(orange) shows a faint smile, said: "Was a pity that State Master had ninth Soul Ring, otherwise, perhaps this is one its good opportunity of hunting and killing. If some people can obtain Beast God Di Tian Soul Ring, must replace him becomes present age the first person." ,:",,," Regardless of how Zongli Wu has not thought that Ju Zi(orange) actually will say this, suddenly dumbfounded. Takes own Soul Ring by Beast God Di Tian? Even if this matter is he, has not thought. Or in human Soul Master, only if the lunatic, otherwise no one has to ponder this possibility. ,?,,,, That is, Beast God Di Tian! ,! Person ** is infinite, is greedy. Before Ju Zi(orange) has not mentioned, he does not think. But, heard Ju Zi(orange) to say this possibility , the heart of Zongli Wu, almost instantaneously scalding hot. **,,,,, "Soul Ring is impossible. But if can add on the main body to refine the puppet with Beast God Di Tian part of souls greedily......" **, is ordinary just like myriad insects, is gnawing the heart of Zongli Wu. ""**,, "Marshal Sir, I do not need regarding Di Tian Soul Ring. If possible, can give to your majesty him actually. Most advanced Soul Guidance Device that our Holy Spirit Cult secret technique, Soul Engineer study in addition, has the possibility to preserve for a long time this Beast God Soul Ring. Although your majesty also arrived at the Titled Douluo level, but Crown Prince Your Highness did not have! Moreover, Beast God Di Tian will produce Soul Ring incessantly, definitely will produce Soul Bone. This Soul Ring and Soul Bone, leave Crown Prince Your Highness, in the future crown prince is now the first under heaven person." ",,,,,!,,,," Listens to the Zongli Wu words, in the Ju Zi(orange) heart also to move, but is quick, she awakens, sneers secretly. One entice him, he instead also in turn enticed. Beast God Di Tian Soul Ring? Snort, but also not necessarily suits my son. ,,,,,?, Only then Ju Zi(orange) are clear, his son, is impossible to have Xu Tianran that dragon class Martial Soul, but Di Tian attribute is dark, in addition his Soul Ring surely is extremely formidable, suits oneself son's possibility to be very small is very small. ,,,,, However, in heart, although is thinking like this, in the surface Ju Zi(orange) actually revealed the earnest color, "Sir State Master, this was not perhaps good. Beast God Di Tian most precious is Soul Ring and Soul Bone, how can give us Imperial Family? To strike to kill Beast God Di Tian, but also needs State Master your support!" ,,,",,?,!" Zongli Wu shows a faint smile, said: "Marshal Sir does not need to be polite. We accord to his need and that's the end. I want this Beast God corpse, his corpse Imperial Family cannot use in any case, on the contrary is, has given us, can some functions." ,:",,,," Ju Zi(orange) [say / way] without hesitation: "If can strike to kill this Beast God, not only establishes the distinguished merit, so advantage. All depend on the State Master opinion office." :",," Zongli Wu subconscious has gripped the fist in the sleeves, if he very clear can obtain the skeleton of Beast God Di Tian, how will have the situation. So long as retains the part of Beast God soul, then, he can refine the Golden Eyed Black Dragon King puppet. At the Beast God Di Tian body intensity, to that time, genuine unmatched in the world is he! Even he can also rely on this puppet, attacks the Limit Douluo level directly. ,,,,,,!, However, Zongli Wu is also the experienced and careful generation, in the heart, although already extremely stimulated, [say / way] that in the surface actually maintains composure: "To cope with Beast God Di Tian, we cannot be irritable, must wait till the best opportunity to get rid again. We hope that Old Xuan can its heavy wound. Best is he also dies on Beast God. To that time, we have been able to kill two birds with one stone. The marshal felt relieved that our Holy Spirit Cult spared certainly no effort at that time." ,,,:",,,," Ju Zi(orange) said: "Good, I will order all Soul Guidance Array places Assault Soul Guidance Device to coordinate State Master. We first wait." :"," After Zongli Wu slightly makes the thinking, said: "Marshal, this matter is important, I prepare first." ,:",," "Good, State Master does as you please." Ju Zi(orange) hurries to comply. "," Zongli Wu walked, is bringing Feng Ling as well as audiences Holy Spirit Cult Evil Soul Master turns around to go rapidly. , Looks the back that they depart, on the Ju Zi(orange) face appears gradually a smile, is having the smile of cold and gloomy murderous intention. ,, State Master, I may good luck. , "Marshal, can help Holy Spirit Cult obtain the Beast God Di Tian corpse really?" Old Su arrives at side Ju Zi(orange) quietly, asked in a low voice. ",?", Ju Zi(orange) gives a calm smile, said: "That was natural. So long as we can kill Beast God." ,:"" Old Su has gawked first, quick, on his face also revealed a smiling face. The good move to drive the tiger to swallow the idea of wolf! The marshal really worthily is a marshal, in the so short time, has given under Holy Spirit Cult the wrap. The formidable enticement regarding the greedy Holy Spirit Cult audiences without doubt is the best open intrigue. ,,!,, In the sky, two forms separate suddenly, Old Xuan has withdrawn to own Gluttonous Divine Bull that pair of buffalo and cow horns, stabilizes lives in the personal appearance. But the Beast God Di Tian formidable strength has appeared, he from the sky retrocedes more than ten meters. ,,,, On the Old Xuan face raises wipes blood flushes, in the heart actually in secret panic-stricken, this present age first powerhouse is really not Bai Jiao, Beast God strength, but must surpass his judgment. ,,,, When he and Beast God Di Tian collides, only thinks the Di Tian strength such as the deep pool like the prison. Cannot feel has existence of end. This terrifying strength, one has destroyed his attack. But Di Tian as if also has retained, he can the whole body draw back. ,,, "Xuan Zi, you should be able to feel that present you, are too big with my disparity. Goes, comes out the Huo Yuhao belt, I only need to ask that his several words, will not be what kind of him. I do not want to kill you." Di Tian light saying. ",,,,,," Old Xuan coldly snorted, "do not think that you won." At the same time was saying, he treads forward one step, in the back Gluttonous Divine Bull mouth exudes one low and deep stuffy. The body of Old Xuan baseless vanished, but the Gluttonous Divine Bull illusory form also becomes congealed to be solid. ,"",,,, This is true Martial Soul avatar and Gluttonous Divine Bull. The sky and earth, the darkness and earth, are engaging in factional strife as before mutually, but the earth attribute strength was suppressed completely, is unable to leave from a ground hundred meters range. ,,,, Before Gluttonous Divine Bull that bidirectional, above silique that gives birth, yellow color halos shine, it in airborne accelerates suddenly, directly soars Di Tian and his Golden Eyed Black Dragon King hits. ,,,, Gluttonous Divine Bull dashes about wildly, in the sky as if there is intermittent rolling thunder to resound the common, terrifying bellow, as if must trample to shatter the entire sky. ,,, Decadent halos expand from the Gluttonous Divine Bull under foot, is covering the body of Golden Eyed Black Dragon King, that is Gravity Control. Huge gravity crazy is tearing the body of Golden Eyed Black Dragon King, tries to imprison it. ,,, Di Tian sighed, ", since you must court death, that this King gave you a lifelong unforgettable lesson." At the same time was saying, he has turned around suddenly, the right hand presses to behind Golden Eyed Black Dragon King top of the head, then the arm brandishes. ,",",,, Strange appeared, that height surpasses kilometer huge Golden Eyed Black Dragon King, just likes swallows up absorbing water to collect unexpectedly generally toward the right arm that on Di Tian moves. ,, When the arm of Di Tian has flung the top of the head, in his hand were many a handle great sword. , Only this handle great sword the sword hilt has three chi (0.33 m), the sword blade is eight chi (0.33 m). The sword hilt is the black, is a Black Dragon appearance, the sword blade edge is actually the dull purple, the instance when it presents, that terror Sword Intent, the sky rips open a huge opening. Di Tian behind, presented huge black halos, looks like black hole, must swallow all. ,,,,,,,,, In Shrek City, the Tang Sect people also similarly look in the upper air in the courtyard this war. , Sword Mad Ji Juechen in seeing Beast God Di Tian takes itself to melt light shadow as that flash of sword, the body shook shaking suddenly, in the mouth stuffy snort|hum, in the oronasals had the blood to flow out. ,,, Jing Ziyan hurries to support him, "Juechen, you how?" ,",?" Ji Juechen shaking the head of gently, in the eye is actually revealing color resolutely. Only then he knows that had anything a moment ago. In that flash, he feels Di Tian Sword Intent with own Sword Intent, will therefore have such situation. ,,, Good strength big Sword Intent, is this Sword Intent of true top powerhouse? Sword Intent is his Martial Soul, is his dreadful thought that and also has the Absolute terror strength. ,?,, During the thinking, Ji Juechen is sitting cross-legged to sit down directly same place, enters in meditate. This moment realizing from experience, was too for him important. ,,, He by the card in the Soul Douluo boundary, is unable to break through. Is because does not have means condensation own Soul Nucleus. His practice way is different to all people, must find own that road, can really become the Titled Douluo rank powerhouse. ,,, The quickest renewal, non- ball window reading invited. ,

 





DD2 - V.#12 - #563 The masculine and feminine elements is supplementary, the rain goes out vast


Black Dragon sword! ! The purple light, changes into the startled day rainbow, the vertical stroke cuts under. That flash, the sky was cut completely. All gravity shortly will be stirred crushes. The Gluttonous Divine Bull huge form unexpectedly cut sky attracts to absorb instantaneously, is unable again the advance slightest, but that terror Black Dragon sword, actually in arrived at its pair of buffalo and cow horns instantaneously. ,,,,,, "Bang" thunders to resound through sky fiercely. "" Sees only among Old Xuan that pair of buffalo and cow horns, two yellow color rays circle alternately, has blocked Di Tian this sword unexpectedly. But its huge body also from airborne instantaneously drops. Fell two kilometers altitude from five kilometers directly. In addition height kilometer, shortly must crash into Shrek City. ,,, Gluttonous Divine Bull exudes one to roar shocking, an under foot yellow cloud dispels, cradling stiffly his body. ,, Di Tian float in position originally, in the hand the great sword refers to Old Xuan as before slantingly. The vision is dense, is ordinary just like the demon god. ,, This is the strength, present age the strength of first powerhouse. , Some Old Xuan weak feelings, Di Tian has controlled Space Power suddenly, what is more important, he after is facing Di Tian truly, fully felt Equal Resonance second Soul Nucleus and disparities between Di Tian that Yin-Yang Supplement second Soul Nucleus. The Di Tian Soul Power congealing thick degree, he cannot compare. The dark aura of that terror is continuously in crazy is swallowing his earth attribute energy. ,,,,, However, he knows that he cannot draw back. Cannot make Di Tian disturb Huo Yuhao at this time. Otherwise, perhaps the breakthrough of Yuhao forever is unable to be completed, will die directly. ,,,, eyes closed, in the Old Xuan mind is reverberating Old Mu before parting urging earnestly. His that huge Gluttonous Divine Bull body to airborne has not flown directly, but is static stopping there. ,, light shadow circulation. Gluttonous Divine Bull vanishes, Old Xuan, reappear there. The imposing manner as if also vanished. ,, On the Di Tian face reveals a light smile, in his opinion, Old Xuan must compromise. ,, Gives up including Martial Soul avatar, but why also to resist with him? ,? However, the quick Di Tian complexion once more becomes ugly. Did Old Xuan compromise really? ,? From Old Xuan, a permanent ancient remote aura dissipates slowly. Low and deep dragon roar sound also along with it resounding, at the same time, faint yellow flame regarding the body ascension of Old Xuan. ,,, That vicissitudes ancient aura, that endless Dragon Clan is dignified, even if Di Tian, is in the heart slightly one tight. ,,, This type of aura he is not first meeting, in the previous time. Star Dou Forest starts beast tide time, he once by oneself had felt. Even if by his strength, in the face of that strength, used several days of time to complete the breakthrough. ,,,, Yes, he feels at this time from Old Xuan, is Power of Gluttony. ,, "Xuan Zi. Were you insane? Do you want to go all out with this King unexpectedly?" Saying that the Di Tian startled anger occurred simultaneously, "this King shows mercy repeatedly, you so are ignorant of the proper action to take unexpectedly, thinks really I don't dare to kill you?" "??",",,?" By Old Xuan own strength, is unable to inspire Power of Gluttony in bloodlines. However, when he starts to burn his Soul Power. When the strength in Soul Nucleus stimulates completely, all these turned into the possibility. ,,, To Limit Douluo this level, combustion Soul Power was not fatal, so long as Soul Nucleus is not broken, all have the possibility of restoring. But burnt Soul Power, the vitality has damaged severely is inevitable. At this moment, Old Xuan in burning his Soul Power, thus summoned in the bloodlines that pure Power of Gluttony? ,,,,,,? With is Dragon Clan, Power of Gluttony to Beast God Di Tian, has the possibility of restraint. Can limit him, making him not have the means to seek the trouble of Huo Yuhao in a short time. ,,, Old Xuan does not know how long one can insist, but he must not hesitate all many wins some time to Huo Yuhao. , Di Tian saw that Old Xuan did not reply, the complexion was also gloomy, if before , he was also only the guess, he had concluded now that Huo Yuhao was certainly handling any unknown matter. But Old Xuan definitely knows that what he is making, so at risk of life mutually, what means? From the benefit perspective, at least also means the matter that Huo Yuhao handles can compared with a Limit Douluo price. ,,,,,,,?, Di Tian is the kings of ten thousand beast, in the bone is the Golden Eyed Black Dragon King bloodlines of law of the jungle, ,, Although has not known that genuinely what happened, but a little he can conclude that this matter regarding Star Dou Forest, is not the good deed, otherwise, Old Xuan so will not evade itself. ,,,,, Thinks, after he before all scruples already the brain of throwing, in the eye spills over dense golden light gradually. Familiar Di Tian Soul Beast knows that Beast God under this condition absolutely is most fearful. Because he moved has killed heart. ,,, The huge Black Dragon sword mentioned slowly, in the sky the blustery, purple black thick cloud made to become does not have the light greatly gloomily, but Beast God Di Tian in the midair, actually gradually turned into the deep purple, the whole body just liked that sword blade edge general color. ,,,,, Behind him, appeared unexpectedly on the 1st the strange picture of January, day is the black, the moon/month is the purple. The Sun-Moon connection, complements each other fresh splendor. Di Tian terrifying the extremely imposing manner unexpectedly is at an exceptional pace was selecting for promotion. In a sky Wu Yun (black clouds) to the person as if must fall, felt entire earth crush to become Jifen generally. ,,,,, Yan Shaozhe, Xian Lin'er and the others the complexion big change, this is now the first under heaven powerhouse Beast God aura! Di Tian, was this must whole-heartedly? By their strengths, really has the feeling of planting definitely is unable to contend with. ,!,?, Old Xuan made the phenomenon that the sky presented actually happy not fear facing Di Tian, proudly float in midair, the body surrounding faint yellow flame also started becomes more and more powerful. Behind him, strange phantom appears slowly. ,,, This phantom has not to have the body greatly, the chimera person surface, the head extremely. Dragon God nine child, gluttony! In Gluttonous Divine Bull that is the bloodlines of gluttony, finally had been initiated by Old Xuan. ,,,!, Came under the influence of gluttony aura, Beast God in sky, the imposing manner weakened several points slightly. After all, the bloodlines strength of gluttony has the obvious suppressed effect to his Black Dragon bloodlines. ,,, The previous time, is Old Mu and Old Xuan collaborates, stimulates the gluttony strength his seal. That time situation he still deeply remembers. But this time, he actually does not allow the same matter to occur again. He does not know the matter that Huo Yuhao handles how long also needs to complete, what to do if were completed by the process of seal in him? ,,,,? Beast God coldly snorted, suddenly, under being a focus of public attention, this first under heaven powerhouse, actually kneels down toward Star Dou Forest direction on one knee now, appearance that in the hand the Black Dragon sword also counter- hand back after behind, unexpectedly is saluting . Moreover the courtesy very likely is the military salute in human army. ,,,,,,, Is he doing? ? All people have tarried, to have what to exist on this world is worth Di Tian kneeling down and bow respect with both hands clasped? This simply was too inconceivable. ,,? Old Xuan similarly is also amazed, he is stimulating to movement the gluttony the aura to engage in factional strife to Di Tian, suppresses his Golden Eyed Black Dragon King aura. What is Di Tian making? Why he must kneel down and bow respect with both hands clasped in the Star Dou Forest direction. Does he have what other goals to be inadequate? ,,?? In this time, distant place, the color outbreak of sky strange change. That direction, is Star Dou Forest. ,,, That side sky, does not have the omen turned into seven quietly colored, seven color halo circulations, just like must have the deity to arrive general. ,,, These seven color halo one, are links the purple black fog that Di Tian releases to be exaggerated unexpectedly. Then Di Tian imposing manner had the earth-shaking change instantaneously. , His imposing manner is extremely overbearing, but comes under the influences of these seven color light clouds, the imposing manner of Di Tian whole person becomes is unexpectedly noble and dignified. When he stands up, the golden eye pupil turned into the silver, although the sword in hand has not changed, but around his body, in a kilometer range, suddenly presented silver has been similar to the domain general spatial variation. ,,,,,,, What is this? ? Let alone is Old Xuan, perhaps is the Shrek Academy all previous dynasties powerhouse comes back to life, does not recognize the strength that at this time Di Tian uses is anything. ,, Old Xuan can distinguish is only, this is not Di Tian my strength, but was he has replied on any strength. But, what he borrows is what? ,,,? In he is shocked, suddenly, a Tao heavenly power pressure drops from the clouds. Behind the Old Xuan huge gluttony form shivered unexpectedly fiercely, then transmits to the impulsion that Old Xuan it must lie prostrate in worship. ,,, Is this impossible? This is the first thought in the Old Xuan heart having. ? Initially, he and Old Mu worked as one, has suppressed Di Tian by the aura of gluttony. By Dragon God nine child dignity, making Golden Eyed Black Dragon King Di Tian have to concede on the bloodlines. ,,, May at this moment, all as if in turn, be Dragon God nine child gluttonies, must prostrate oneself unexpectedly airborne Di Tian. Is this possible? Di Tian draws support, is actually what kind of strength Ah? ,,,?,? Change that this flickers, not only Old Xuan shock, Shrek City as well as Sun-Moon Empire army, all powerhouse also all shock changing colors of amazement. ,,, Although they do not know between Old Xuan and Di Tian mutually the relations of restraint, but can also see from the Di Tian present appearance, this Beast God, can unexpectedly from Star Dou Forest with the aid of other strengths. This was really too fearful. Does Star Dou Forest have the powerhouse in hideaway or is the most precious object is inadequate? ,,,? Di Tian coldly looks at Old Xuan, in hand the Black Dragon sword holds up slowly excessively. , Old Xuan discovered that the earth element of having at one's command controlled, some trends of out-of-control, they are dreading suddenly, unexpectedly on the aura that dreading Di Tian lends at this time. As if lower position saw that superior is common. ,,,, dark attribute Di Tian, why can affect earth element Ah? ,? The heart of Old Xuan, sinks to the valley, he knows that oneself this time displays to swallow again, impossible seal Di Tian, but Beast God following strikes, inevitably is earth-shaking. ,,,,,,

 





DD2 - V.#12 - #563 The masculine and feminine elements is supplementary, the rain goes out vast


"Beast God why loses one's temper, since you are look my, has the matter to come to me is. Huo Yuhao in this." The clear and bright sound does not have the emergence of omen suddenly in the midair. This sound one sounds not to be big suddenly, but, in entire battlefield, Emperor Sun-Moon including hundred inside and outside ** camp, is actually everyone can clear hearing. ",,",,,**, Huo Yuhao! ! These three characters spread to everyone ear instantaneously. But listens in the ears of different person, to the feeling of person is actually entirely different. , The look dim Old Xuan, the double pupil suddenly greatly was bright, the body is burning the Soul Power flame is put out instantaneously, back gluttony also along with it disappearance. ,,, Restored Gluttonous Divine Bull Martial Soul him, instead comes under the influence of Di Tian to be much smaller. , Similarly is this name, listens in the Ju Zi(orange) ear of distant place, was another type feels. She only knows that originally Beast God Di Tian comes looks for Huo Yuhao unexpectedly, but Huo Yuhao, unexpectedly really in Shrek City. Suddenly, in her heart is also five senses mixed Chen, all wisdom, as if after hearing this name, has vanished into thin air. ,,,,,,,,, green jade light dodges, the form skyrockets from Shrek City together. The aquamarine gloss ascends to heaven instantaneously. Facing the terrifying power and influence on Di Tian sending out, is actually similar to does not have the thing to be ordinary. ,, The light shadow twinkle, green jade light arrived airborne, stagnates side Old Xuan. This comes the person, is not just Huo Yuhao? ,,,? This time Huo Yuhao, dark blue Extreme Ice Battle God Armor takes possession, but in the armor, actually sends out the light deep blue colored light to be dizzy. He arrives at side Old Xuan, Old Xuan felt that pressure one light, was divided half by Huo Yuhao suddenly. ,,,,, Old Xuan pleasantly surprised inexplicable looks at Huo Yuhao. Asked in a low voice: "Succeeded?" :"?" "Um." Huo Yuhao has selected under. "" Old Xuan laughs, said: "Good, good and good! This was really good. Di Tian, do not see Yuhao? Yuhao in this." ,:"!,?" The Beast God Di Tian complexion also slightly changes, looks at Huo Yuhao, in his eyes reveals the surprised uncertain color. He discovered surprised that he could not completely understand unexpectedly again this young people, could not see his cultivating to be what kind of degree. ,,,, "The Di Tian senior, has been well since last meeting. Has a thing I to give back to you. Thank your years aid." At the same time was saying, the Huo Yuhao wrist|skill shakes. Shoots to go toward the Di Tian electricity together. ",", The Di Tian right hand in airborne one move, imposing manner also weakened several points. , Does not need to look with the eye that he also knows the one who falls into oneself palm is anything. Initially he had given Huo Yuhao, is used for the seal and observes Huo Yuhao when necessary, Black Dragon Reverse Scale. ,,, He can actually let my Black Dragon Reverse Scale exsomatize, what does this mean? Means him at least once in the flash. Own strength has been and my similar level can achieve. ,? Limit Douluo? No, this is how possible. Soon before, I also felt that his cultivating is unable to break through before Titled Douluo for the stagnation! Does he possibly in such a short time become Limit Douluo? ?,,!? Ju Zi(orange) in the distant place looks that questioned similarly appears in her heart. , The previous time in the Sun-Moon Empire imperial palace sees Huo Yuhao, she felt that by that time she is very formidable. Even but if, is formidable. Does not have to this degree formidable! When he, can actually in Limit Douluo facing existence that in the battlefield of present age first powerhouse happy does not fear. Moreover Beast God. As if became because of his appearance anxious. ,,!, On the Huo Yuhao face the look is very tranquil, light looks at Beast God, nods the head to him slightly expresses best wishes. ,, "You can actually work loose my Reverse Scale, if I have not guessed that wrong, that had a possibility." Beast God Di Tian after short shock, already gradually calm. ",,", Huo Yuhao shoves open own surface armor, gives a calm smile. Said: "Beast God, but dares to fight otherwise?" ,:",?" What? ? Hears these words. Shrek, is that side Sun-Moon Empire, all people are all shocked. Knew that the Huo Yuhao person are quite many, but hears him to challenge Beast God unexpectedly, present age first powerhouse Beast God. Suddenly, all knew that his person petrified. ,,,,, He how old? What is he cultivates is? Why does he challenge Beast God Ah? this is not courts death? ???? Still made in behind that they were shocked, Beast God Di Tian unexpectedly nod toward Huo Yuhao, in the hand the Black Dragon sword pointed at Huo Yuhao, "good, made me have a look, you comprehended anything." ,,,",," In the Huo Yuhao double pupil, the ray glitters. In an eye pupil, golden light is deep, in another eye pupil, sent out the blue halo unexpectedly. ,,,, At this moment, in his heart has been full of confidence, he does not know, present formidable to what kind of degree. ,,, Yes, he succeeded. With the help of all partners, with the help of Old Mu, he succeeded. ,,, ...... "Ice Spirit fusion!" "!" "Bang" "" When the thought of Snow Emperor spreads to the next quarter in Huo Yuhao heart, he only thought that the whole person as if by irrelevant to shatter that a terrifying strength exploded. , In that flash, he cannot feel existence of oneself mind Soul Nucleus and body completely, as if all changed into the blank. ,, This feeling does not know how long has continued, he gradually had the consciousness. , An extremely familiar strength is wrapping his mind Soul Nucleus, but mind Soul Nucleus itself, presented many close fissures unexpectedly. ,, Existence of this strength, makes it not have real to shatter, at this time is healing at the extremely quick speed voluntarily. ,, Strange strengths transmit unceasingly, the fountainhead of strength came from own body. When Huo Yuhao looks again, he discovered that all of oneself within the body as if had the change. ,,, The chest place, glittering and translucent carving Bai Se (White Color) Soul Nucleus is revolving quietly, its volume even be bigger than mind Soul Nucleus, but in this Soul Nucleus, the person's shadow is glittering unexpectedly. ,,,, This is...... Snow Emperor? ? Huo Yuhao has recognized quickly that form identity, in that Soul Nucleus, is not just Snow Emperor? ,,? Ice Jade Emperor Scorpion Torso Bone ray also already completely dim, at this moment, his skeleton presents after completely by Dragon Pill moistens the golden color. The Ice Emperor aura becomes extremely weak, even several inaudible. ,,, Huo Yuhao does not know that had anything, but at this time, he actually discovered that oneself did not have the means and Snow Emperor and Ice Emperor even is Ice Bear King Xiao Bai (Little White) as well as Octagonal Mysterious Ice Grass they communicates. Mermaid Princess Li Ya also fell into the deep sleep. ,,, "Brother Daydream!" Huo Yuhao sobers finally, has recognized regarding around that strength in own mind Soul Nucleus, that clearly is Daydream Ice Silkworm! "!",,! His summon, as if made Daydream Ice Silkworm sober, that marvelous strength along with it depreciation, Daydream Ice Silkworm changed into one group of rays, sifted in his spiritual sea, was hidden does not see. ,,,,, Hence, six big spirits, lost the contact unexpectedly completely. ,, Two Soul Nucleus, mind Soul Nucleus turned into the bright color golden color, Absolute Ice Soul Nucleus of chest place is glittering and translucent carving Bai Se (White Color). ,, Two big Soul Nucleus are revolving in the opposite direction, but the strength that they release blends at the central point. That place, became Huo Yuhao all strengths. Small whirlpools produce after the strength collisions of two big Soul Nucleus, change over to his meridians, these pure compression Soul Power and Spiritual Power, at the extremely quick speed, are patching Huo Yuhao even to be able with the body that broken described. ,,,,,, Sword of Life is lending rich life aura, is infiltrating the body of Huo Yuhao naturally. At this moment, just like freshman. ,, ...... The memory dodges to pass in the mind, in fact, Huo Yuhao do not know how he succeeds. Six big spirit complete deep sleep, he even wants to look for one to ask that now cannot achieve. He only knows that he has succeeded, can guess, for own success, six big spirits has certainly paid the huge price. ,,,,,,, After his fully recovers, he saw abscission Black Dragon Reverse Scale, felt above the upper air, Beast God Di Tian! ,,,! Therefore, he came out, he arrived here, facing Beast God, at this moment, he fearless fearless. ,,,,, The Huo Yuhao personal appearance dodges, left side Old Xuan, when the personal appearance dodges again, is about dozens li (0.5km), has been separated from the Shrek City category. ,,,, Beast God Di Tian coldly snorted, void, one step steps forward, detained before the Huo Yuhao body. In the hand the Black Dragon sword mentioned, in an instant, world discoloration. The thought of as if entire world controls for him, has extruded the past to Huo Yuhao crazily. ,,,,,, Huo Yuhao presses down surface armor on oneself face, in Extreme Ice Battle God Armor bursts out the blue halo, a handle short blade edge appears during he grasps. The arm raises side the body, from that short blade edge, is four chi (0.33 m) blue blade glow suddenly bright, above that blade glow, really also has light mist. ,,,,,, The sky has as if stagnated suddenly, that Absolute chill in the air, even if in dozens inside and outside Sun-Moon Empire army military compounds can the clear feeling. ,, The Di Tian eye pupil contracts suddenly, in hand Black Dragon sword already not gaudy divided to cut toward Huo Yuhao. , Purple black sword glow cuts instantaneously void, a huge fissure, directly soars the Huo Yuhao overhead to divide to fall. ,, This may, not only the dark strength, has the space strength. Fuses own dark attribute and Space Power, this is the Beast God deep meaning. But in this moment, why does not know, he strength that replied from Star Dou Forest has been similar to the tide removed before unexpectedly generally. ,,,, Huo Yuhao has not fended, in the hand the short blade edge brings the blade glow, is moved forward to meet somebody toward the Di Tian sword glow unexpectedly. Before that is, strength that Old Xuan is unable to contend with directly! ,,! The screams, behind resound in Old Xuan, Yan Shaozhe, Xian Lin'er and the others arrived at side Old Xuan. ,, When Huo Yuhao presented challenge to Beast God Di Tian, each of them was scared, they were not fully correct completely, Huo Yuhao this was must do. Can challenge Beast God by his strength? ,,,? "Bites!" Clear resounding from airborne transmits. Strange appeared.( To be continued. If you like this work, welcome you to cast the recommendation ticket and monthly ticket, your support, is I biggest power.) "!"(,,,)

 





DD2 - V.#12 - #563 The masculine and feminine elements is supplementary, under the rain goes out vast


The black slit that in the sky, that splits suddenly, has covered a misty white gloss unexpectedly, all belongs to the space strength, was isolated unexpectedly instantaneously. It looks like the opening that splits is stucked, is unable to burst out its strength again outward. ,,,,, The body of Huo Yuhao from the sky flies upside down kilometer, stabilizes lives in own personal appearance. But he was so is stable. But on Beast God Di Tian, has actually covered incorruptible. The body shakes, these incorruptible changes into the fragment to drop downward. To the ground, concentrates not to be loose. ,,,, Yes, Huo Yuhao fell on leeward, compared with Beast God, he also appeared immature. But, each observing subconsciously has covered own mouth. What did they see? Saw a 20-year-old humanity, has blocked Beast God unexpectedly directly strikes. ,,,,?20, Di Tian brow tight wrinkle, nobody felt to this collision him a moment ago is more profound. Body surface incorruptible, although to shatter. But, he can feel clearly that the speed of oneself bloodlines circulation slowed down obviously several points, this is that Absolute creates coldly. ,,,, He can actually block my space force, and feeds back Absolute Ice to me on? ,? Huo Yuhao does not feel better similarly, his body is glittering the purple black light mark, the deep blue colored light that but in Extreme Ice Battle God Armor releases faints, these purplish black colored light marks get down quickly dimly. Has the mask of this Humanoid Soul Guidance Device, nobody knows that he now is any condition. ,,,, light shadow dodges, Huo Yuhao vanished suddenly baseless. Even if before is, has locked his Beast God to feel in the air to twist slightly, Huo Yuhao got rid of his locking. ,, The Di Tian look became sinks to congeal. He knows that he to the judgment of Huo Yuhao, was eventually more defective. ,, This young people, imagine him are much more formidable. , He, really success. , Right. Was definitely successful. Otherwise, takes him also cultivating of Limit Douluo as, why also to resist that to strike a moment ago. ,, Yin-Yang Supplement, he by the body of humanity. Has completed Yin-Yang Supplement second Soul Nucleus unexpectedly. It is not good. In any event, cannot make him continue to go forward again. Otherwise. Future he, becomes completely will not be steerable. ,,, Beast God takes a deep breath, in the hand the Black Dragon sword holds up once more slowly, then he has closed his eye pupil. In his heart has not killed intent. Because he will not strike to kill Huo Yuhao, but, he must take away this boy today in any event, imprisons in Star Dou Forest. Strength that disintegrates have his, forever keeps Star Dou his person and Power of Destiny. ,,,,,, When the Huo Yuhao body appears again, already airborne behind Di Tian. On Extreme Ice Battle God Armor bursts out the enchanting blue tail flame instantaneously, instantaneous acceleration. Made him one stretch across ten li (0.5km) distance. Became approaches Sun-Moon Empire army direction. ,, "It is not good!" Ju Zi(orange) calls out in alarm one, shouted to clear the way loud: "All Soul Guidance Array preparations." "!",:"" Yes, she must prepare. Huo Yuhao flies toward here, without doubt wants source of trouble Tungyin. He not collision tape of destruction to Shrek. But will bring certainly to the Sun-Moon Empire army. ,, Huo Yuhao can shoulder Beast God to strike, even if not Limit Douluo cultivates is, perhaps is also extremely close, but that Beast God Di Tian, is the present age first powerhouse, among them the collision, how ruinous disaster Ah? the army will bring to one's own side ,,,,,,? Di Tian is somewhat strange, he has not pursued, but stands in same place, in the hand the Black Dragon sword is grasping as before single-handed, looked like the whole person coagulates there has resembled. ,,,, Huo Yuhao is still actually running. Dozens li (0.5km) distance, to his present cultivating is, but is several sprints. Sun-Moon Empire army, already under foot. ,,, Illusory light shadow sends out suddenly from Huo Yuhao, his personal appearance also vanishes to disappear, displaces, is a halo of piece of distortion. ,,, Spiritual Disturbance domain. Disturbs under not to have anybody to catch his exact location. The attack of Soul Guidance Array place, in this case does not have possibly immediately to erupt. Only can look helplessly. All Surveying Soul Guidance Device powers have arrived in a big way, to seek for the Huo Yuhao form. ,, In this time, Beast God was moving suddenly, his movement is succinct and graceful, in airborne personal appearance half revolution, in hand Black Dragon sword by formerly gripped to turn into both hands single-handed. Great sword startled day. The purple black sword glow in airborne dodges to pass together. ,,,, What strange is, seems Beast God whole-heartedly sends out strikes, after cutting into airborne, vanishes to disappear unexpectedly. ,,, The entire sky therefore twisted, but originally by the earth that the purple black cloud cluster covers, will shortly return to normal. The sunlight shines the earth once more, but, all people actually cannot feel warm. ,,,,, Old Xuan only thought own heart leaked instantaneously jumps has patted. But cuts Beast God of this sword, regained formerly the tranquil condition, but, he had turned around, looks at the direction of Sun-Moon Empire big camp. ,,,, Huo Yuhao appeared, but, he presents again time, already not in midair, but in ground. In the Sun-Moon Empire military compound. ,,,, He stands in the ground silently, he as if also felt anything, both hands grasped to stop the short blade edge, the whole person became solemn and respectful. ,,, The surrounding Sun-Moon Empire soldier has discovered his existence immediately, but, actually nobody dares to clash to attack him. Even if some Soul Engineer does not dare. ,, Can with existence that Beast God Di Tian contends with, can it be that can they contend? Nobody is a fool. ,? Is centered on the body of Huo Yuhao, in a diameter kilometer range, the temperature plummets instantaneously. His whole person Extreme Ice Battle God Armor of turned into the blue color completely. In the hand Ice and Snow Goddess Breath Morning Dew Knife is sending out the magnificent brilliance. ,, In Bai Se (White Color) Bing Wu (ice mist), the cold current surges. Huo Yuhao behind, the form also slowly reappeared together. ,, This form has a bright golden color long hair, silently float in Huo Yuhao behind, in a eyes pupil, is having the light happy expression, has the different colors. An eye pupil is the black, an eye pupil is Bai Se (White Color). ,,,,, "Hey!" Morning Dew Knife in Huo Yuhao hand makes the movement that in selects suddenly. "!" This movement is very brief, is powerful. , But the order of Ju Zi(orange) also spreads over the army in the previous quarter, "all Soul Guidance Array places, linkage Defensive Soul Guidance Device, opening, does not hesitate all fully." ,",,," Also luckily Sun-Moon Empire. All Soul Engineer already prepared for started Soul Guidance Array place, the linkage defends Assault Soul Guidance Device and Defensive Soul Guidance Device has imitated can finish. , Through amplifying Soul Guidance Device and subpoenaed the order that Soul Guidance Device issued, first was implemented. , Rapid opening of enchanting light barrier in military compound, is covering a piece by piece giant region. , Also at this moment. Before Huo Yuhao body. It seems a common fissure quietly appears together. From that fissure, purple light dodges to pass together. ,, In the Huo Yuhao hand Morning Dew Knife, happen to selects above that purple. , "Bites" "" The clear sound resounds. The Huo Yuhao whole body such as was been common by the thunder stroke, fierce dither. Terrifying knockout strength. Spreads to his whole body each corner instantaneously. , In that flash, Yin-Yang Supplement two Soul Nucleus of his within the body as if stagnated. The thought of his whole person also stagnates. , "Buzz" Morning Dew Knife sends out clear and melodious buzz cry, knife edge fierce shivers, was trembles unexpectedly the remnant shade. "",, On Extreme Ice Battle God Armor, ripples dark blue small eddy currents, is centered on the body of Huo Yuhao, the earth starts slight shivering. Small eddy currents unceasing drops from Huo Yuhao Extreme Ice Battle God Armor in the place, spreads toward the surroundings. ,,,, But Huo Yuhao, what feels was within the body all as if stagnated, then is being conducted into the terrifying power in within the body to tear by the Black Dragon sword. As if must oneself thoroughly smashing. ,, This feeling is uncomfortable, even incomparable terror. , Behind him, two groups of light shadow appear slowly. , These two groups of light shadow seem actually very much thinks with light shadow that beforehand Beast God Di Tian behind presents, was on the 1st in January, stated differently, Di Tian was black sun purple moon, but Sun-Moon that behind Huo Yuhao raised, day was the bright golden color, but the moon/month was the brilliant blue color. gold sun blue moon. ,,,,,, After they appear, Huo Yuhao within the body also naturally presented a strange strength, this strength looks like the bond is ordinary, combines spaces that his within the body was divided. ,,, Di Tian looks in distant airborne, if he a moment ago were also only the guess, he completely has affirmed now. ,,, Sun-Moon phenomenon, Yin-Yang Supplement. He has built Yin-Yang Supplement second Soul Nucleus unexpectedly. Miracle that the achievement humanity the achievement had not always crossed. , Even if it, felt a fear. This young people, speed of growth was really too quick. Although Di Tian does not think Huo Yuhao can through condensing third Soul Nucleus in the future becomes Limit Douluo. But even if present he, made Di Tian feel a threat, this regarding Di Tian, cannot allow to exist absolutely. ,,,,, In the Di Tian heart sighed, in the Sun-Moon Empire army camp also had the change of terror. , Releases that small vortex that falls from Huo Yuhao, after landing, at an exceptional pace outward extends instantaneously, but in process that extends, they rise suddenly simply against the wind, change into giant tornado, wreaks havoc to the surroundings. ,,,,,, The colors of these tornado are the dark blues, said accurately that is the black and blue entanglement and blending. ,, This inside has to belong to Huo Yuhao Absolute Ice, there is Di Tian dark attribute. Ice Dragon of volume darkness. , The collision of Huo Yuhao and Di Tian, has formed so terrifying one. , In all tents from kilometer range shortly will be assimilated the dark blue recently, then quietly to shatter, changes into the powder powder. Regardless in the tent has any thing, finally is the same. ,,, --------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------- Told everybody a good news, it is expected that in early November, our Tang Sect shop must open officially. Will have our Tang Sect books and cartoons to sell, will also have the peripheral product to bestow and sell to everybody. ,11,, Later wants to buy the signature book, no longer difficult. Later every month we will promote some signature books to give everybody. The fine peripheral product is manufacturing in Taiwan. When the time comes the first batch simultaneously will meet with everybody. ,

 





DD2 - V.#12 - #564 The beastly downcast escapes, on Holy Ghost bloodshed


The Sun-Moon Empire army pitches camp in fact very much to have tasteful, each stretch of camp regarding Soul Guidance Array place. In this case, when suffers the powerful offensive, the linkage defense of Soul Guidance Array place can protect the camp, is insufficient to be sneak attacked. ,,,, When that dark blue tornado expands outward, quick has bumped into the linkage defense guard shield. The nearest four linkage defense guard shields almost turned into the dark blue in the time that several times breathed. Although has not looked like these tent instantaneous to shatter. But internal energy consumption is also straight line suddenly to increase. , Each Soul Guidance Array in Soul Engineer, hurry whole-heartedly pours into Soul Guidance Array Soul Power. They look is very clear, if makes that dark blue tornado enter the Soul Guidance Array place, takes to them, inevitably is the ruinous disaster. ,,,, Huo Yuhao has stopped for ten several seconds, restored the ability of motion, the body slightly in a flash, but immediately came to a stop the personal appearance. ,,, When looks at airborne Di Tian again, in the eye pupil completely is the color of fear. , After this breakthrough, had second Soul Nucleus him, in own Soul Power feeling, just did not break through the feeling of Titled Douluo absolutely, the Huo Yuhao self- judgment, oneself at least had 92 levels to 90 third-level Soul Power. Moreover, because Yin-Yang Supplement second Soul Nucleus completes, his Soul Power had the qualitative change, each Soul Power after compression, perfect integration of Absolute Ice and Spiritual Power. Two big Martial Soul as if again also make no distinctions, does not need specially desirably controls can be the degree of perfect union. ,,,,,9290,,,,, Huo Yuhao self-examined that own strength must surpass ordinary Transcendent Douluo absolutely, in the meantime, don't forget, on him also had Extreme Ice Battle God Armor! ,,,,! This present age strongest Humanoid Soul Guidance Device is huge to his amplification. After this breakthrough, he also finally can control Extreme Ice Battle God Armor completely cannot completely, as well as Ice and Snow Goddess Breath Morning Dew Knife some abilities. This is he dares to challenge Di Tian background. ,, However. After he really and Beast God collides, Huo Yuhao profound understanding, present age the reputation of first powerhouse is not Bai Jiao. Beast God Di Tian of strength, but also by far above he judges. ,,, Did not say other. A moment ago this struck. After striking. If Di Tian pursues to continue to attack again, he died. , Naturally. Old Xuan also in looks at Di Tian that the one side eyes covetously, once Di Tian takes an action, he will not stand by. But this has also proven, strength between Huo Yuhao and Di Tian. Also has the insurmountable disparity. ,,, At his age, can keep off Di Tian to strike, has been good enough to make one feel proud, but regarding Huo Yuhao, he thinks also insufficient, but also is far from enough. ,,,,, Some respites, Huo Yuhao is staring at airborne Di Tian slightly. In the hand Morning Dew Knife holds up slowly. Within the body Soul Power pours into to Morning Dew Knife in unceasingly, returns to his body again, in the air all and cold related element, feeds back oneself instantaneously. ,,,, Although the help of few big spirit. But Morning Dew Knife has actually made up for this point, feels its might truly, Huo Yuhao knows that this Divine Tool is fearful. If were not Morning Dew Knife and Extreme Ice Battle God Armor melted Di Tian that to strike at least over 70% strengths for him a moment ago, he also similarly must be finished. Di Tian mixed the terrorist attack of darkness and space, so is easy to contend? ,,,,? "Bang and bang!" "!" Two linkage defense guard shields are almost simultaneously to shatter, that two Soul Guidance Array in all, were swallowed by the dark blue tornado. ,,, Must know that this at least is 50,000 soldiers! Moreover there are two Soul Guidance Array places, with several hundred Soul Engineer. ,50000!, However, has impediments of these Soul Guidance Protective Cover luckily, the surplus dark blue tornado gradually vanish and are defeated and dispersed. ,, Why Huo Yuhao has not continued to attack in doubts Di Tian, suddenly, a strange strength emits from the Sun-Moon Empire big camp quietly. ,, That is together the dark red ray, is very slender, but is very long. It in two Soul Guidance Array suddenly destroyed next one flickers the appearance, the flash when it presents, this dark red slender ray from the sky stops. ,,,, Indistinct within as if can see, some innumerable ferocious Wraith Soul, have been full of the frightened soul, as well as its crazy speed condensed the past toward that dark red ray. That dark red ray unceasingly is also inflating at the naked eye obvious speed. From the sky turned into a handle lance. ,,, "Um?" The Beast God Di Tian complexion concentrates, vision looked to that dark red lance. "?", Huo Yuhao also similarly looked to that lance. By his formidable Spiritual Detection, naturally can feel, that handle lance direction, impressively airborne Beast God Di Tian. ,,, Meanwhile, hides in the big camp Core Area territory, biggest Soul Guidance Array Ju Zi(orange), coldly [say / way]: "Attack, concentrated fire power, Beast God Di Tian! Fire Phoenix Soul Engineer Corp preparation." ,,,:",,!" Rays, startled day from the Sun-Moon Empire big camp, changes into the purest glare, directly soars the airborne Beast God Di Tian concentrated fire to go. ,,, This, what has been shocked first is the Shrek Academy powerhouses, they will think how clearly, why Sun-Moon Empire Soul Engineer Corp will not attack Beast God. Isn't this looks for trouble to oneself? Does Sun-Moon Empire have facing the noble character that Soul Beast shares a common hatred? Is impossible. This is not the Sun-Moon Empire style! ,,,?,?! Naturally is impossible, Ju Zi(orange) coax Holy Spirit Cult Cult Master Zongli Wu to start from the beginning, orders all Soul Engineer Corp to get rid to the present, in view of Beast God Di Tian, but is not Huo Yuhao. The reason has one. That to help Huo Yuhao! ,,,! Ju Zi(orange) had not planned must attack Shrek Academy, since previous Huo Yuhao returns the son to her, in her heart, the revenge is not on this world she thinks the matter of primary importance. For her, most important has two men, one is son Xu Yunhan, another, naturally is...... ,,,,,,, Therefore, when Huo Yuhao suddenly appears in the battlefield, Ju Zi(orange) has made the decision. She was not getting rid anxiously, plans should better to let Beast God Di Tian and a Holy Spirit Cult powerhouse is mutually wounded best. But now she could not attend. A moment ago Di Tian to Huo Yuhao cut that sword the time, she only thought that her heart must jump from the chest. That feeling, is not wonderful! ,,,,,! At this time she does not have any hesitant immediately has issued the order of attack, for does not make Di Tian attack Huo Yuhao again. , Naturally, can see this thoughts, the audience links a person not to have. Even if Huo Yuhao of authority cannot. Because nobody thinks that Sun-Moon Empire commander for a man, will handle such matter unexpectedly. Moreover Ju Zi(orange) issues in time time of order is very ingenious, happen to while Holy Spirit Cult Cult Master gets rid, this quite therefore is coordinating with the Holy Spirit Cult aspect, nobody can say a non- character absolutely. ,,,,,,, Reason that Beast God Di Tian has not continued to attack Huo Yuhao, one is because Old Xuan eyes covetously in the one side, another is also because his present thoughts a little are also chaotic, how cannot find out to come facing Huo Yuhao. Kills, cannot kill. Words that stresses, is very difficult. ,,,,, After Huo Yuhao has the Yin-Yang has balanced second Soul Nucleus, in addition Shrek Academy these powerhouses, he want to seize Huo Yuhao, the difficulty was big. Cannot hit, Huo Yuhao can also run. The Shrek Academy powerhouse is numerous, in addition Limit Douluo Old Xuan. Di Tian has not grasped can seize Huo Yuhao. ,,,,, In his scruple free time, Sun-Moon Empire Soul Guidance Device attacked. , Di Tian coldly snorted, the big hand wields, the front are many immediately together black light, this black light looks like enlarged together dragon scales, above edges and corners were distinct, have blocked these concentrated fire, but to linkage Assault Soul Guidance Device. ,,,,, However, blocks is actually only flash. , The jet black scale has stagnated slightly, on the facial features solemn Di Tian face revealed an amazed color. He instantaneously same place was disappearing. Ten several rays pass through, behind him void smashing that rips. ,,, Di Tian reappears beyond several hundred meters, the complexion became very ugly, he cannot find out, the attacks of these humanity unexpectedly so will be why formidable, to has surpassed his judgment formidable. Actually is that what strength? The energy total quantity has far exceeded his strength. This was too fearful. Is ordinary humanity, or human Soul Master unites in together, can send out such strength? ,,,,?,,? Initially to Shrek City started beast tide time, Di Tian had experienced the Soul Guidance Device destructive power. At that time although he had to be vigilant, but in his opinion, these Soul Guidance Device might were too small. ,,, But these time is different. These Soul Guidance Device might, distinct can threaten his safety. This was too fearful. Such weapon exists, means that Star Dou Forest may be hit by the total destruction anytime! ,,,! The glare that linkage Assault Soul Guidance Device projects has not vanished, but sweeps away instantaneously, ten several glares pursue the Beast God personal appearance to sweep, but. Forcefully attack. ,, This opportunity Huo Yuhao will not let off, naturally, his does not let off is not attacks Di Tian, but quickly runs. ,,, The personal appearance dodges, he went into hiding in the air, has been separated from Emperor Sun-Moon rapidly ** camp range. ,,** He also has communicated meanwhile the Shrek Academy people through Spiritual Power, relies on Spiritual Detection and Sharing to help everybody run away in the Shrek City direction together. , Can ruin two Soul Guidance Array places with the aid of the Di Tian strength, Huo Yuhao was well satisfied. That quite therefore entire Sun-Moon Empire army 1/10 strengths. ,1 Moreover, Beast God and Sun-Moon Empire hit, this good deed, they look in the distant place quite well. ,,, The linkage Assault Soul Guidance Device destructive power was too strong, if were hit, will not have anything to affect to Di Tian, but these several linkage attacks, if all falls on the body, even if by its Golden Eyed Black Dragon King body and spirit, somewhat cannot withstand! ,,,,,! ----------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------- Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.

 





DD2 - V.#12 - #564 The beastly downcast escapes, in Holy Ghost bloodshed


Therefore, the Di Tian personal appearance from the sky glitters unceasingly, passes itself to avoid the attacks of these linkage Assault Soul Guidance Device to the control of Space Power. The watermark advertisement test watermark advertisement test simultaneously, the Black Dragon sword in his hand also lifted. ,,, These hateful humanity, dare to attack me unexpectedly, that makes them pay the price. ,, In this time, suddenly, a sad and shrill severe howl is resounding, the dark red ray in airborne dodges to pass. ,,, When this dark red ray vanishes, the sky suddenly changed, turned into red, is ordinary just like the scarlet sea, the red cloud surges. ,,,, The Di Tian look concentrates, he one step steps forward, actually cannot escape once more into the space. His surprised discovery, the surrounding space was blocked unexpectedly. He is unable to act willfully through the breakthrough space barrier unexpectedly again. ,,, Is free time of this stop, that several linkage attacks have swept. , Di Tian after is Di Tian, while amazed, he immediately has also made dealing. In the hand the Black Dragon sword sweeps away, stiffly cuts forcefully one side space. Swallowed over two-thirds linkage attacks actually. But another one-third swept on him. ,,,21 black sun purple moon appears behind him suddenly, the body of Di Tian in airborne has stopped slightly, that several linkage attacks have swept, his aura actually instantaneously becomes powerful. In a eyes pupil golden light puts greatly, obviously, this Beast God had been enraged. ,,,,, Magnanimous //3. //3. But also at this moment, wipes dark red not to have the emergence of omen suddenly before him, direct thorn to his chest. ,, That is a handle monster different scarlet lance, its color looks like has the blood to drop. Red infiltration person, red fearfulness. What is more terrifying, it in appearing the flash, around the Di Tian body turned into a piece of bloodshed, is coagulating his body. To fend is unable to achieve. ,,,,, Was it has sealed up the space! Di Tian first understood. But this red lance comes is really too sudden, but Di Tian just by linkage attack hit, in this case, that red lance already stabbing maliciously in his front. !,,, The Di Tian body wants hard many compared with any rare metal. By stabbing at the same time. In his mouth exudes one to drink severely, the Black Dragon sword sweeps away. , In grating fricative. The scarlet lance was cut two, but front actually suddenly drills into Di Tian within the body. The innumerable sad and shrill pitiful yell sounds from the sky reverberate. Bloodshed crazy has swallowed toward Di Tian. The linkage attack finally has also stopped at this time. The attack of this intensity cannot continue one time too for a long time, will otherwise present Soul Guidance Device to be overheated, even damages. However. Their functions obviously displayed was enough. That scarlet lance is can truly heavy wound Beast God strikes. ,,, The body of Di Tian from the sky shivered, in the hand the Black Dragon sword angry cuts in the following direction. , The bloodshed by ripping open stiffly, in the long dragon roar sound, in the Sun-Moon Empire big camp, a linkage defense guard shield instantaneous crack of Soul Guidance Array place, the purple black sword glow was dodged together to pass, falls to a tent. ,,,,, The blood light emits from that tent together instantaneously. Swallows the sword glow. In the tent, altogether 12 sit cross-legged to sit there Evil Soul Master, four people simultaneously spout a blood. Sits in the Zongli Wu complexion of first place is also one white. ,12, The Di Tian severe howl spreads over hundred li (0.5km), in the hand the Black Dragon sword in airborne cuts once more. Stiffly has ripped open a space crack in the bloodshed once again, he clearly is knowing unexpectedly space already in blocked situation, escapes as before into that space crack, vanishes does not see. ,,,, The bloodshed surges, from the sky paces back and forth. But after a while, it likely had not actually found her goal, was defeated and dispersed gradually voluntarily. ,,, The Zongli Wu complexion is somewhat ugly, "did this also make him run unexpectedly? However, in him the bloodshed Wraith Soul lance, received heavy wound surely. Follows me, goes to Star Dou Forest." At the same time was saying, he sets out rapidly, bringing audiences Evil Soul Master to run out of the tent, goes in the Star Dou Forest direction. ,"?,,,",,, By Zongli Wu their strengths, even if 12 people collaborates, is unlikely to injure to existence of Beast God Di Tian this level. However, that struck a moment ago, not only actually their these Evil Soul Master strengths, but also borrowed several thousand new dead Wraith Soul, burns these souls thus to change into the bloodshed Wraith Soul lance, the instantaneous closed room, has given Di Tian numerous strikes. Although is not the bloodshed Wraith Soul lance submerges Di Tian within the body completely, but the part has completed the breakthrough, these terrors resentment crazy wreaks havoc in within the body, until swallows it thoroughly. ,12,,,,,,,,,, Therefore Zongli Wu so will be anxious. If can massacre Beast God Di Tian, then, Holy Spirit Cult can keep off nobody, he also becomes first under heaven powerhouse who replaces Di Tian! ,,,! Huo Yuhao and Old Xuan and the others have looked at this, is relaxed. Beast God walked finally. At least temporarily will again not threaten the Huo Yuhao safety. , Huo Yuhao lifts oneself Extreme Ice Battle God Armor mask, Old Xuan then sees, his complexion paleness. ,, "!" In the Huo Yuhao mouth spouted a blood, the body shook shaking, has not sat under supporting of Old Xuan falls to the ground. "!",, "We went back to say first again." A Old Xuan hand is supporting by the arm Huo Yuhao, stimulates to movement Soul Power, goes in the Shrek City direction. Yan Shaozhe and the others followed. "",, A moment ago this war, was really thrilling extremely. Meanwhile, made them see the terrifying strength of Sun-Moon Empire army truly. ,, Even if cultivating of Beast God Di Tian this level is, when facing linkage Assault Soul Guidance Device, will suffer unexpectedly also a loss. Moreover Sun-Moon Empire also has existence of Holy Spirit Cult, Holy Spirit Cult injured Beast God unexpectedly, making him have to retreat. ,,,, Huo Yuhao just broke through the exhilaration that second Soul Nucleus brings not to release with enough time, the heart of people becomes heavy. , Old Xuan brought Huo Yuhao to return to Sea God Pavilion directly. Before Golden Tree, Huo Yuhao routine knees down, has done obeisance to Golden Tree. ,, "Teacher, many thanks your helping, I finally broke through, has completed second Soul Nucleus. You could rest assured that I well protect certainly Shrek, does not make Sun-Moon Empire destroy Academy." ",,,,," Old Xuan stands side Huo Yuhao, do not go excessively. He knows certainly that Old Mu could not hear the Huo Yuhao sound again. Is he cruel enough to tell Huo Yuhao the truth? ,,,? After Huo Yuhao has done obeisance, this talent and Old Xuan same place, return to Sea God Pavilion. ,, "Are you what kind of?" Old Xuan asked. Huo Yuhao also had second Soul Nucleus now, the way of but cultivating and he is entirely different. Did not have the means to search to observe his physical state through Soul Power including Old Xuan. "?", Huo Yuhao said: "I am all right, because resisted Beast God formerly that to strike, the body received the shake of certain extent. However the self- repair capability of my body as if compared with before, should quick good." :",,," Old Xuan nodded, said: "That is good. Congratulates you, Yuhao. You had second Soul Nucleus finally. Moreover is Yin-Yang Supplement second Soul Nucleus. Believes, soon, you can surpass me, becomes our Academy first powerhouse, even has to challenge the Beast God strength. Di Tian should be felt that you must break through, therefore asks you to trouble. Went against luckily. This Beast God also is very troublesome, I saw a moment ago that one crowd of Evil Soul Master in the Star Dou Forest direction. Di Tian should the injury be heavy, they are hunt and kill Di Tian." ,:",,,,,,,,," The Huo Yuhao corners of the mouth place appears to wipe to sneer, "these Evil Soul Master really overreach oneself. Hunts and kills Beast God, owes they to think." ,"," Nod of Old Xuan deep to be so, said: "Star Dou Forest, not only Di Tian, Jade Swan, Bear Ruler, Myriad Monster King and other powerhouses, these Evil Soul Master are not necessarily able to flatter." ,:",," Huo Yuhao shook the head, said: "The Jade Woman senior they could not perhaps have blocked these Evil Soul Master. These Evil Soul Master collective reassignment strengths, before should absorb, dies under me and Di Tian collision complementary waves the souls of these soldiers, this severe wound Di Tian. Their such strengths, at least have Evil Soul Master of book title Transcendent Douluo level to exist. However, perhaps they cannot think that Beast God injury they have not imagined are so serious." ,:",,,,," "?" Old Xuan somewhat surprised looks at Huo Yuhao, "isn't serious? But how I felt that strikes very fearfully." "?","?" Huo Yuhao said: "Is very fearful. That strikes to flood the resentment that several thousand Wraith Soul combustion souls are having, has the extremely powerful destructiveness. However, Di Tian is also has Yin-Yang to balance Dual Soul Nucleus, has this Dual Soul Nucleus, he is very difficult to receive heavy wound." :",,,," Old Xuan curious [say / way]: "Says quickly, your this Yin-Yang balance Dual Soul Nucleus, actually to have what marvelous place?" :",,?" Huo Yuhao said: "After Yin-Yang balances Dual Soul Nucleus forms, two Soul Nucleus strengths each other will blend, or after collides mutually, combines, baptism and concentration my own strength, enabling my own Soul Power simultaneously to have Spiritual Power and Absolute Ice characteristics. Meanwhile, brand-new Soul Power that produces also became the swirl. Soul Power of this swirl inevitably is Spiritual Power and Soul Power assembly. Has the greatly strengthened destructiveness. Also compressed Absolute Soul Power. I can feel, after I break through, before my present Soul Power total quantity at least is three times. Moreover, after is the compression. Battle efficiency compared with before least five times." :",,,,,,,," The brand-new Soul Power that "Yin-Yang Supplement produces, has the greatly strengthened resistance regarding any external strength. Although that resentment is powerful, but I believe that finishes these many years Yin-Yang to balance Soul Power by Di Tian, melts is not a problem. Let alone he is primarily dark attribute. Is injured is inevitable, but injury absolutely does not have Evil Soul Master to think heavily. In these Evil Soul Master thorough Star Dou Forest, does right in the Beast God domain and Beast God. Will not have any good end." ",,,,,," Magnanimous Listened to a Huo Yuhao such saying, Old Xuan also to hold breath cold air, yes, the Beast God strength, contended by the Soul Master level, was really not easy! ,,,,,! Sought the monthly ticket and recommendation vote support.

 





DD2 - V.#12 - #564 The beastly downcast escapes, under Holy Ghost bloodshed


Although along with the development of Soul Guidance Device, the Soul Engineer status continually is promoting, even must substitute for the Soul Master direction to develop toward the future. The powerhouse of watermark advertisement test watermark advertisement test but truly most top, still stood in the apex of Pyramid. ,,, For example Beast God, regardless of facing many Soul Engineer, if Beast God is determined to run. That does not have anybody to stay behind his. But his truly whole-heartedly attack time, absolutely be more fearful than any Soul Engineer Corp. ,,, Thought of Soul Engineer Corp, Huo Yuhao also remembers had reason Sun-Moon Royal Family Soul Engineer Corp, that was really a terrifying strength. If they bump into Beast God directly, does not know that can strike to kill Beast God? But in the future wants to contend with Sun-Moon Empire, sooner or later will face this present age most formidable legion. ,,,?, Old Xuan said: "Yuhao, do not say first, quickly therapy. I give you protector. You just broke through, but must consolidate your present strength. If there is Wutong because to be good. You broke through, the words that you collaborate again perhaps, really can contend with Di Tian." :",,,,," Huo Yuhao is smiling bitterly shaking the head, said: "After my this breakthrough, I and Wutong Martial Soul Fusion will perhaps have the issue. My Soul Power nature had the earth-shaking change, perhaps does not have the means and her Soul Power fuses in together. But our Martial Soul Fusion techniques should also be able to use. Has her, we estimated that can protect oneself." ,:",,," "Did Wutong this girl do? Such important time, she how not side you?" Old Xuan asked. "?,?" Huo Yuhao said: "Old Xuan, I am also open about the facts you, I made her go to Dou Ling Empire. We hope that she can convince Dou Ling Empire that side powerhouse, do not send the army to come Shrek City." :",,," Old Xuan has not revealed the surprised color, sighed, said: "Yuhao, you may know that you such did. If makes everybody know, how can?" ,,:",,,?" Huo Yuhao lowered the head, said: "clear(ly) knew is a trap, I hope that they do not tread. But I understand actually. This is also only completely the human affairs. Dou Ling Empire and Star Lou Empire are very difficult to let off this and us unite resist the Sun-Moon Empire opportunity together. But they, once did. Perhaps......" ,:"," Old Xuan sighed one lightly, "Wutong words of that day, although was somewhat indignant. But I can also hear, this possibility is very big. But, you should understand that this possibility is big. Academy cannot take risk. Opportunity that because we have not been defeated, at this time, we have to be selfish, gives priority to a Academy ten thousand years of foundation." ,",,,,,," "Today a war, no doubt under your inspiring, making Sun-Moon Empire lose seriously. But similarly, made us see this army true terror place. Even if the powerhouse of Beast God that rank must evade its sharply, say nothing of we. Spells truly, you think how many chances we can have?" ",,,,,?" Huo Yuhao nodded, "I understand your place of feeling embarrassed. Therefore I also can only completely human affairs. I have closed then up, attempt breaks through. We hope that can depend on my strength, can pose certain threat to Sun-Moon Empire that side. Old Xuan, after my injury restores, I want to go to that side the Sun-Moon Empire big camp to walk." ,",,,," The Old Xuan look moves slightly, "good, you go. Now actually good opportunity." He had not asked that Huo Yuhao must go to do, after previous time listened to the Tang Wutong words, he also indistinctly understands that perhaps between Yuhao and that War-God Empress, really a little have not talked clearly, unclear relations. But now Evil Soul Master went to that side Star Dou Forest, is the best opportunity. ,",",,,,, Old Xuan returns to him Huo Yuhao the room personally in Sea God Pavilion, and assigns the person to go to Tang Sect, told Tang Sect people Huo Yuhao normally all. ,, Sits cross-legged to sit, an innermost feelings tranquility of Huo Yuhao, in his mind, endlessly duplicates to have the feeling that he and Di Tian collide that to strike. ,,, That strikes, Beast God was really close whole-heartedly. His Power of Darkness is not too fearful, but, after unifying Space Power, becomes incomparably formidable. ,,,, Within the body Yin-Yang balances two big Soul Nucleus to start to revolve, Soul Power of small vortex shape flows, strange that could not say in the meridians. ,, Before Huo Yuhao, although received shakes wound, because there is existence of Extreme Ice Battle God Armor, the injury is not too serious. Moreover, he has absorbed Dragon Pill completely, in the body intensity, already was not the human category. ,,,,, These unified mind and Absolute Ice two's whirlpool Soul Power revolve according to the Mysterious Heaven Skill route under his control, after several sidereal revolutions, the injury in his within the body vanished. ,, Practices second Soul Nucleus with the method of Yin-Yang Supplement, although the process is very difficult, but after the success, the effect also was really too formidable. ,,, Huo Yuhao are unable to weigh the Soul Power total quantity that can control at present to have many completely. But if now, even if no Tang Wutong, he also has confidence in the one-to-one situation facing the powerhouse of Yan Shaozhe that rank. ,, Yin-Yang Supplement second Soul Nucleus, making him have far ultra has Soul Nucleus Titled Douluo even is the Transcendent Douluo resilience. The Soul Power intensity or the toughness, in addition Soul Power double attribute nature, is the huge superiority. ,,, Di Tian Soul Power is also double attribute, but his pair of attribute, unified the darkness and Space Power, Space Power does not belong to his strength, but is he for several hundred thousand years, constantly under accumulates, oneself to the comprehension of Space Power. Then and own Power of Darkness fuses it. Replaces his oneself not specially formidable Spiritual Power by Space Power. As the matter stands, Di Tian Soul Power in fact is equal to the three branches of the family fusion, but mind level strength if slightly some. ,,,,,,,, Huo Yuhao knows that the also very long roads must walk. After having second Soul Nucleus, quite therefore opened a leaf of front door, but after this leaf of front door, more splendid world. ,,,, The Extreme Ice Battle God Armor deep meaning he just now starts to control now, but Ice and Snow Goddess Breath Morning Dew Knife, he actually just touched. ,, Morning Dew Knife is true Divine Tool! Today blocked Di Tian that to surmount the space a sword, Morning Dew Knife helps him melt the most strength, otherwise, he at least must receive heavy wound. However, merely is heavy wound, Huo Yuhao can feel that Di Tian has not killed intent to oneself. !,,,,,, Naturally, he will therefore not feel grateful Beast God, why he is very clear Beast God not to kill him. ,, The curtain of night hangs down, the Huo Yuhao stretch body gently, falls gently from the bed in the ground. When he extends the back, whole body lends a powerful aura, is simply ordinary on such as the big dragon, the strength of Golden Tree powerful vitality aura is unable to cover completely. ,,,,, Completed the practice of second Soul Nucleus, Huo Yuhao also officially walked into the forest of powerhouse, even if in the Shrek Academy this powerhouse numerous places of were also so. ,, The nose suction port shouted, the air current circulated in within the body, when exhaled once more, the air slightly presented for the cyclone shape. Although does not have Soul Power to blow out, but Huo Yuhao has the feeling that plants to grasp at this moment. ,,,, After with a Di Tian war, in addition just realized from experience through the practice, he grasped to oneself current physical condition basically. ,, From the Soul Power boundary, his present Soul Power should is about 92 levels standards. But the actual Soul Power total quantity, is probably equal to 96 levels of Transcendent Douluo boundaries. Stated differently, his Soul Power is the double attribute, forms through the Yin-Yang balance. Meanwhile, his Soul Power also has restores, tough stronger characteristics high-speed. In addition his Twin Martial Souls, even if facing 97 levels of Transcendent Douluo, only on Soul Power, he will not fall leeward. If bumps into Darkness Sacred Dragon and Dragon Emperor Douluo Long Xiaoyao such powerhouse again, hits certainly not to hit, but at least was also insufficient not to have the strength of resistance. ,92,96,,,,97,,,, The thought moves slightly, does not need to go to display Soul Ability desirably, he integrated in the nighttime sky. ,, This clearly is the ability of Transcendent Douluo level, after becoming Transcendent Douluo, own Soul Ability completely will fuse with the body, the thought, Soul Ability naturally can display, but does not need desirably releases Martial Soul, to stimulate Soul Ring. The speed is faster, the might is also bigger. ,,,,,, Floating left Sea God Pavilion, Huo Yuhao jumped, directly soared the upper air to go, in an instant vanished does not see. ,,, Sits in meditation Old Xuan in own room to open the double pupil, in the eye reveals a gratified color. Old Mu, your no lack of successors to carry on. ,, The blue sky such as washes, perhaps is reason that because the daytime war scatters the massive fog, tonight dim light of night is very beautiful. ,, Stars hang in airborne, just likes the diamonds of glistening embroiders on the dark blue velvet, is particularly moving. ,, The bright moonlight in the sky, making night darkness no longer so gloomy, the line of sight was very easy and far. ,, Huo Yuhao soaring in midair, before feeling actually, is completely different. , After having second Soul Nucleus, all as if had the change, not only cultivates is, sensation and Spiritual Power, even to realizing from experience of world, became different. ,,,,, If his boundary is Minute Subtlety, then, now he actually it can be said that comprehensive, regardless of places in what kind of environment, has the feeling that periphery all will grasp. ,,,,, This feeling is very unusual and wonderful, why Huo Yuhao do not explain can like this. He thought that even if in air a smallest particle, can during his control. But changes along with his thought. ,,, But this world stereoscopic effect originally also turned into the feelings of multiple exsomatize, after having second Soul Nucleus, finally lets him to the spatial concept, had some clear(ly) to become aware. Although could not have gone to the Beast God situation by far, but defers to this condition to realize from experience, he deeply believed that profound that oneself can certainly feel, touches to the space deep meaning gradually. ,,,,,,, The flight as if completely has not needed to depend upon Soul Power, as if the air is part of body, the thought moves, then air naturally will be promoting his body advance, the speed also completely in his instant. ,,,, --------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------- The peerless Tang Sect cartoon electronic version I receive one batch, immediately starts, in our prestigious platforms continue on to pass to everybody to look. ,

 





DD2 - V.#12 - #565 Kidnap! On


Originally, after having second Soul Nucleus, did not need Flight Soul Guidance Device unexpectedly. As for the limit of speed, Huo Yuhao has attempted, must exceed the speed of sound absolutely, after the speed is the certain extent, the next quarter, he had must break the feeling of space. ,,,,,,, He then understands, ability that originally Beast God that type escapes into the space, is not how unusual, but when the speed achieves Absolute, in addition can achieve to realizing from experience of space deep meaning. He now is not good, but had found the access. ,,,,, The formation of second Soul Nucleus, quite therefore opened a leaf of brand-new front door for him, but existence of this leaf of front door, makes him advance to this world peak finally truly. ,,, Hundred li (0.5km) are away from, is only in this realizing from experience silently, quick achieved. ,, Whatever Huo Yuhao Soul Guidance Device of various airborne booths scan their body, was actually not worried that will be discovered. Because he now looks like part of air. , But this point, even if Beast God Di Tian cannot achieve, because Di Tian does not have Imitation Soul Ability, but after having second Soul Nucleus, Huo Yuhao Imitation Soul Ability has actually reached the peak, this no longer is simple Imitation, but just like changing from general. To become anything, can become anything, even is the air. ,,,,,,,, The tremendous damage that daytime causes, can see as before. From the airborne bird's eye view, the big regions empty completely. Even if in airborne, Huo Yuhao also as before can feel the darkness and Absolute Ice aura that in the ground transmits. This stretch of earth, does not know that wants how much time to be able these energies to melt. But before melting, is infertile surely, even any living thing above, will be affected. ,,,,,,, Spiritual Detection opens, just like a big net, covers the entire Sun-Moon Empire big camp completely. Quick, Huo Yuhao had found him the person who wants to find. ,,, Floating falls, falls to that be continuous hundred li (0.5km) big camp. , Ju Zi(orange) is sitting in own commander tent is lost in thought that on the elegant face is revealing the cloudy clear uncertain look, no wonder she so, her present mood is really somewhat complex. ,,, Daytime time, she saw that Beast God Di Tian has given a Huo Yuhao sword. But that is also she sets firm resolve to the key that Beast God gets rid. , The later all, during her control, she were only not clear, was actually the Huo Yuhao physical condition how. He hardly has put together with Beast God, although he became compares obviously was more formidable before. But, Beast God that strikes, can leave behind heavy wound to him? ,,,,,,? "Can I come in?" The clear and bright sound resounds quietly, making Ju Zi(orange) be on the rise suddenly. "?", "What person?" Asked after these three characters, she subconsciously has covered her mouth, because she feels suddenly that sound was not simple conveyed from the account a moment ago, but was resounds in own mind directly. "?",,,, "Whiz whiz whiz whiz!" Several forms lighten rapidly, enter in the big account. "!", "Marshal, what matter?" These people that coming are Humanoid Soul Guidance Device, is the flame color, Fire Phoenix Soul Engineer member. ",?",, In Hand of the National Protector five big Soul Engineer Corp, besides has equipped Humanoid Soul Guidance Device Sun-Moon Royal Family Soul Engineer Corp completely, only then various Soul Engineer Corp vice- expert regiment chief, as well as Ju Zi(orange) 30 personal guard provided. ,,,30 These protections beside Ju Zi(orange) commander tent, are the elites in Fire Phoenix Soul Engineer Corp elite. , Ju Zi(orange) beckoned with the hand, said: "Anything, I a moment ago possibly have not been a little hearing voices, you exit." ,:",," "Yes." Although several bodyguards some doubts, but after simply were examining commander tent, has drawn back. "",, Ju Zi(orange) turned back to sit to own position place, the right hand pressed on the chair arm rest gently, closure that around commander tent, an arrangement complete mind barrier was quietly immediately. ,,, In just that in a short time, whose she heard the sound to belong. Did he come? Was he comes really? ,?? "Ju Zi(orange)." The sound resounds once more, Ju Zi(orange) has gawked staring. Her subconscious and has covered own mouth. Because her surprised seeing, the Huo Yuhao form does not have emerging out of thin air of any omen before her. "",, "You......" Ju Zi(orange) stayed. Has not waited for her to open the mouth, a Huo Yuhao hand has grasped toward her. "", In this flash, in the Ju Zi(orange) mind some innumerable pictures appear suddenly, her subconscious must go according to another side arm rest. However, her hand after was just moving the inch stopped, is not she of Huo Yuhao limit, but was she stopped. ,,,,, In the heart an intense sad intent upwells, does he want to begin to me finally? Finally set firm resolve? ,?? Smiling that Ju Zi(orange) self-ridicules, has actually closed the double pupil. Some of her innumerable methods can aim at Huo Yuhao obviously. In this commander tent, absolutely is the institution numerous. So long as she in arrangement by commander tent prevents Huo Yuhao slightly, she will have confidence some people to come to rescue immediately. ,,, But, she does not have such to do, or her anything has not done. This flickers, she even some feeling of extrication, if can die in his hands, regarding oneself, perhaps is also a best extrication. ,,,,,,, The hand of Huo Yuhao, falls on the Ju Zi(orange) shoulder, behind him, a leaf of jet black front door opens. The ray dodges, he and Ju Zi(orange) baseless disappeared in that leaf of jet black front door. ,,,,, Ju Zi(orange) only thought that own soul has as if been separated from the body, the surrounding all are twisting, but the strange strengths are actually protecting her, making outside anything not have the means to move her body. ,,, In this time, all were returning to suddenly normal. Ju Zi(orange) only thought that the under foot shakes, is conscientious. ,, The surrounding all have shone, air slightly somewhat cloudy and cold, when Ju Zi(orange) again opening eyes pupil, discovered one and Huo Yuhao appeared above a small hill unexpectedly. In this hill not far away, a big stretch of camp, there is having many human Soul Engineer to train. But here ray is gloomier than the normal time, but is actually not night. ,,,,,, "Where is this?" Ju Zi(orange) surprised looks to Huo Yuhao. "?" Huo Yuhao gives a calm smile, said: "This is my place." ,:"" "Your place?" A curiosity of Ju Zi(orange) face, she does not fear death on Huo Yuhao, at this time naturally does not have the fear of least bit. "?",, Some Huo Yuhao pondering visits her, said: "You believe that I will tell you here secret?" ,:",?" Ju Zi(orange) shook the head, said: "Did not say. You catch me to come, wants to do?" ,:",?" Huo Yuhao shows a faint smile, "anything is not dry. We are the friends, I asked you to be a guest to my place, wasn't good?" Walks, we drink the cup tea. ,",,?", At the same time was saying, when he walks in the direction of camp first. , Ju Zi(orange) has stamped, although in the heart full is puzzled, but followed. Why does not know, she has a feeling, in this place, if leaves side Huo Yuhao, might present the danger. ,,,,,, Ju Zi(orange) has not worn the armor at this time, is only a red long skirt, seems, is more like a young woman of quality. ,,, "commander!" The soldiers who guards the camp see Huo Yuhao, pleasantly surprised goes forward to salute. "!", Huo Yuhao and Tang Sect people left for sometime, had not come back. Here although has to eat to drink, but really somewhat is also lonely. Shrek these three big Soul Engineer Corp even somewhat have liked now in the Sun-Moon Empire internal fight. That really stimulates . Moreover, grabs each time the thing came back, is they happiest times. ,,,,, Huo Yuhao behind Ju Zi(orange) is their first time sees, in their eyeground deep places, were many several points of pondering flavor. Although Ju Zi(orange) does not have Tang Wutong to be so attractive, but actually one special makings, but sees, will make the deep impression on the person. Especially her just like the crystal frozen common delicate flesh, was made these Soul Engineer unconscious looked at several. ,,,,,, Huo Yuhao is bringing Ju Zi(orange), has arrived at itself in the place that in the camp lives. , Although Ju Zi(orange) has followed in him behind, but the nimble and resourceful double pupil throughout is actually observing the surrounding all, since has not died, then, for her, here all become important. Makes the observation, became she lives one fixed custom. ,,,,,, Huo Yuhao has not managed her, has not made her look. , Entered the room, some quick people have shown the tea and dessert. After these days handling, this camp already and outside Douluo Continent world did not have what difference. ,, "Please drink tea." Huo Yuhao carry the teacup, first has drunk one. "", Ju Zi(orange) has not actually moved, is only sitting silently there, stares at him to look. ,, "Visits me to do?" Huo Yuhao is smiling asking. "?" "Told me, where was this? Yuhao, has not thought that you really have such big secret." Ju Zi(orange) stern said. ",?,," Huo Yuhao gives a calm smile, said: "Was not said to you a moment ago, this was my place." ,:"," The eye pupil of Ju Zi(orange) has shone suddenly, "did you grasp Space Power?" ,"?" Listens to her such to ask that Huo Yuhao instead somewhat was startled, "what can you see unexpectedly?" ,,"?" Ju Zi(orange) ill-humored snort|hum, "my strength, although specially is not formidable, but, do not forget that I now am Sun-Moon Empire War-God Empress, I contact, is the Sun-Moon Empire topmost levels, particularly Soul Engineer of several Grandmaster levels, in story, I am not weak in anybody. I do not believe that by your ability, can actually control such a big piece of space. This already, not only ordinary space ability was so simple. Even if Beast God Di Tian, is impossible to open a piece of such greatly own space. I understood, before across our Sun-Moon Empire was attacked, is really you do. Has this kind of piece of space, in addition your own flying speed, truly can appear in our Sun-Moon Empire any corner in a short time. So will be no wonder nasty, your majesty is attacked injured by you." ,",,,,,,,,,,,,,,,," Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket.

 





DD2 - V.#12 - #565 Kidnap!


Huo Yuhao said: "Xu Tianran was injured . The watermark advertisement test watermark advertisement test was a pity that cannot kill him. Otherwise, your Sun-Moon Empire army also collapsed of itself." :",," Ju Zi(orange) has smiled suddenly, "I also thought that was a pity very much. What a pity you cannot kill him. However, I must tell you. He died, Sun-Moon Empire similarly will not be chaotic, because in Sun-Moon Empire, I." ,",,,," "If you also did die?" The Huo Yuhao sound becomes coldly is suddenly severe. "?" The smiling face on Ju Zi(orange) elegant face actually became more moving, "little frightened me. Your this move to me, no matter uses. I already completely understood you. If you can decide to kill me, will not bring to come to here me, in commander tent, you began a moment ago." ,",,," At the same time was saying, she holds by the table to stand, gathers in front of Huo Yuhao, aspirates blue such as visits him, said: "You do not hate to kill me, is right?" ,,,,:",?" Huo Yuhao somewhat poverty-stricken draws back backward, looks at Ju Zi(orange), in the heart some dilutedness. She was really too intelligent. Yes! If can set firm resolve to kill her, will not bring to come to here her. ,,!, "Yes, I do not hate to kill you. However, in this place, you, since came, sees I biggest secret, you believe that I will also put you to go back?" ",,,,,,?" Ju Zi(orange) gives a calm smile, said: "Do I go back not to be unimportant. What is important, if I have been missing, you think that the Sun-Moon Empire army will be what kind of? Wants me to give you to analyze? To imprison me, you miscalculated." ,:",,,??," "?" Huo Yuhao somewhat surprisedly visits her. In fact, he prepares to really the Ju Zi(orange) captivity here, will otherwise not bring her. "?",, In the military aspect, Ju Zi(orange) can be said as the multi- wisdom nearly monster. But did not have her in Sun-Moon Empire army, is a group of people without a leader aspect. To that time, Sun-Moon Empire army civil strife. On the other hand, will cope. ,,,, Ju Zi(orange) said with a smile: "I, Shrek City will not have any danger. But once, I was missing. That may perhaps. Even can say. Shrek City was dangerous. You think that we are in the hostile parties now. I have been missing, seizes the biggest possibility me, isn't your Shrek? In this case, Emperor Sun-Moon ** team. My subordinates, the first matter think that must get rid to your Shrek City, to your important people." :",,,,,?,**,,," "However I was imprisoned by you here, naturally do not have the means to hand over. They in not being able to find my situation, definitely will initiate the retaliatory nature to attack to Shrek City. You believe that your Shrek can block our Sun-Moon Empire army completely? Today we cope with Beast God Di Tian time. You should see we are formidable." ",,,?" Huo Yuhao said: "I can lead you, brings to arrive at Shrek City, making you appear in the top, was seen by the person of your subordinate. At that time, who also dares to attack to Shrek City?" :",,,,?" Ju Zi(orange) sneers, said: "You may think many. On this world, at least two people can order the army attack, one, is my good husband, now Emperor Sun-Moon Empire. I was grasped, they meet first pass to Bright Capital City the news. My that good husband to be able not to want the sons, what was my this empress considered as? Moreover, at that time he more justifiable can begin to your Shrek City. I died, he looks for one again and that's the end. But another person, is Army Supervisor of our Sun-Moon Empire army, that State Master Zongli Wu. Ruthless of Holy Spirit Cult burns you should clear. Has me in the army, I can also suppress them. But once I am not, you should understand that hatred between Holy Spirit Cult and your Shrek Academy, he looks forward to begin to Shrek City immediately. To that time, he will certainly flee to exchange my subordinate, launches the attack. Moreover, he also similarly very much thinks that I die. I died, Sun-Moon Empire can impede his person to be short of one importantly, isn't this big good deed? Kills two birds with one stone and kills two birds with one stone." ,:",,,,,,?,,,,,,,,,,,,?" "So long as ruins your Shrek City, even if pays again the big price, Holy Spirit Cult these people can want. But after ruining you, then they about one step will control the Sun-Moon Empire army. Launches the loss of life war. To that time, but also who can prevent they? But you thought that Emperor Sun-Moon under Holy Spirit Cult control ** the team is good, under do I control am quite good?" ",,,,?,**,?" Huo Yuhao that Ju Zi(orange) these words, said is dumbfounded. Looks at a Ju Zi(orange) face stern appearance, Huo Yuhao cannot speak for a very long time. ,, He found the Ju Zi(orange) goal to be very simple today, must through imprisoning her defuses at present the Shrek City crisis. At least must threaten the Sun-Moon Empire army not to dare to act rashly, who then judges the Ju Zi(orange) true target is. ,, But a Ju Zi(orange) these words saying, in the Huo Yuhao heart hesitated, because each words said by the nature of things. ,, Ju Zi(orange) carries front teacup, not Xu not vigorous has blown the tone, blows the superficial tea leaves, after having tasted one, on the face reveals the color of feeling relaxed, "drinks the cup hot tea, but also really enjoys. Don't you want to imprison me here? You walk. You could rest assured that I know this is your space-independent, cannot run in any case, I will not run. So long as you made the person give me to send the three meals a day every day on the line. Time that looks forward to be able to rest. I must thank you to be right. Goes, to go, you can walk. A bit faster goes back. Otherwise, your Shrek City was attacked, your this big master is not, is some are not wonderful." ,,,,,",?,,,,,,," Huo Yuhao looks at Ju Zi(orange) at a moderate pace drinking tea, sighed, said: "Ju Zi(orange), do you know? Listened to you a moment ago these words, I had the murderous intention to you." ,,:",?," In Ju Zi(orange) hand teacup slight trembled, gives a calm smile, places on the teacup the table, then faces up to Huo Yuhao, "good! You begin. Dies in your hands, at least you will keep an entire corpse to me, then elaborate funeral I. Actually, I want to live in you. You have killed me, meets the life to be restless, the life remembers me, I satisfied. Begins." ,,,,"!,,,,,," At the same time was saying, she has closed the double pupil, the long eyelash builds on below eyelid. The whole person unexpectedly appears exceptionally tranquil. ,, Looks at such Ju Zi(orange), Huo Yuhao only thought own chest place as if stopped up anything to resemble. Stands up slowly, if he can under the killer to Ju Zi(orange), but can also wait till now? ,,,? Went out of the room, breathes outside undead Demi-plane somewhat cloudy and cold air, Huo Yuhao is heaving a deep sigh. He knows that he lost, although caught here Ju Zi(orange), eventually has actually lost to her! ,,,,,! Ju Zi(orange) Bi Mu long time, does not have the least bit sound, again when opening eyes pupil, in the room did not have Huo Yuhao. ,,, She also stands up, on the face actually reveals the wicked look, "this does not have the conscience! Owes I to save him, does not hesitate to take risk to cope with Beast God. Snort, the man really does not have a good thing." ,,"!,," Spoke these words, she also smiled. Does he have eventually to her gets rid? ,? Carries the teacup once more, Ju Zi(orange) has not exited, there silently is drinking the tea. A while, their one cup of tea have drunk up, she has attained in front of the Huo Yuhao teacup oneself, slowly is drinking, did not mind that he has drunk. ,,,,,, After tea, Huo Yuhao went back to the room, looks that Ju Zi(orange) carries own teacup to drink water, he has gawked, then sat returned to oneself formerly position. ,,,, "Ju Zi(orange), are actually you what kind of? Can you help Xu Tianran unify Continent really? You should know that the war will die many people. Your family member, initially died in the war. Not does unto other not to do to others, why do you want to continue this war?" ",??,,,?" Ju Zi(orange) complexion one cold, "I continue this war. Huo Yuhao, you engage in introspection, if no me in this war, then, it can occur? Will lose the ambition of eastern expedition without my Sun-Moon Empire? Without me, Sun-Moon Empire Soul Guidance Device that you can resist? Right, the war wants the deceased person, but, I can pat the chest to say one, at least in the war that I lead, the casualty was historically the war is lowest." ,",,,,??,?,,,,," "The world situation, must be divided and be divided the long time about the long time to gather. Douluo Continent, needs a complete and unified strong country. Why belongs to the Douluo Continent three countries is not our Sun-Moon Empire match. Is because the disparity in science and technology. But a unification complete country, can actually use the science and technology on being beneficial to the nation and to the people. You have also seen, after Sky Soul Empire we seize, belongs to Sun-Moon Empire Soul Guidance Technology to enter in Sky Soul Empire. At the beginning, these Sky Soul Empire people also very repelled, but with the lapse of time, haven't they gradually approved us now? This is the charm of science and technology. Technological progress, the life of people will be getting better and better. In the future can have more possibilities. Therefore, I think that a unified country is the need. Naturally, whose this unified national control in hand, was a different matter." ",,,,,,,,?,,,," Huo Yuhao silently looks at Ju Zi(orange), listens words that this is opening the mind, shaking the head of gently, "we have different insistences. I cannot look that my motherland was attacked by you. Therefore, that initially I most am not willing to face, must face eventually. We stood on opposite eventually, met in the battlefield. Your Sun-Moon Empire is very formidable, but, in the future, you also not necessarily certainly can unify entire Continent. Belongs to Douluo Continent three countries over ten thousand years of background , is not broken easily. Everybody has spelled really mutually wounded, suffers hardships truly, is the common people." ,,,",,,,,,,,," ------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------- The peerless Tang Sect cartoon 128 th has sent, everybody in our prestige - platform transmits: Peerless Tang Sect 128, consult. Comes to see Wang Dong and Yuhao match play quickly, fine coloring book. 128,-:128,, Joins our prestige - platform is very easy, prestige - top right-hand corner plus sign - increases friend - search public number - searches Tang three few, has the authentication, is our families. -,----,,

 





DD2 - V.#12 - #565 Kidnap! Next


Ju Zi(orange) said: "These major principles you were needless to say with me. In this regard, we do not have any common language. I am not big to the authority **, I initially chose to follow Xu Tianran, in fact to revenge. But for these years, in fact I to revenging looked pale. But, I have the son, I must lay the good groundwork for my son." :",**,,,,," "You also saw, Xu Tianran to my son is any manner. The previous time, Little Yunhan almost dies outside. If not you delivers him, I am unable to imagine him to be what kind. Therefore, I must become formidable, I must make my son turn into on this world the most formidable person. I fight for state power, not for Xu Tianran, but for my son. In the future, my son must become this world actual master. This point, no one could prevent me. Only if, you have killed me now. If you can set firm resolve to kill me, then, I can tell you actually a secret." ",,,,,,,,,,,," Huo Yuhao has gawked, "exchanges the secret with the life? Is what?" ,"??" Ju Zi(orange) shows a faint smile, looks that the Huo Yuhao look becomes gentle, "you secret how , regardless of unable to guess correctly. However, wants to know, only if you set firm resolve to kill me. When your blade inserts my heart, I told you." ,,",,," The Huo Yuhao forced smile said: "You were too clear, you who I looked were because knows that I impossible under killer to you, so was calm. Yes, I could not kill you. Even now cannot continue to imprison you. However, you also saw my this space-independent. If I must deliberately destroy, will not be small to the attack of your Sun-Moon Empire." :",,,,,," Ju Zi(orange) said indifferently: "That tries, look is I unifies the Continent speed to be quick, you destroy the Sun-Moon Empire speed to be quick." :",," Huo Yuhao knits the brows: "Weren't you worried? Do not forget, Xu Tianran may once injure in my hands." :"?," Ju Zi(orange) sinking sound track: "Yuhao, if you can achieve a matter, perhaps, I can delay actually to the speed that Douluo Continent invades." :",,," "What?" Huo Yuhao visits her curiously. "?" Ju Zi(orange) earnest [say / way]: "Helped me kill Xu Tianran!" :"!" "Ah?" Huo Yuhao has not thought that Ju Zi(orange) actually will say such words, "he is your husband! You and do you want to murder husband unexpectedly?" "?",,"!?" Ju Zi(orange) smiles cold, said: "Husband? He is never my husband, I am not her wife. I am only his use tool. Or his all people are the tools that he uses, these also include my child. Originally, I to his many sentiment, without his training, did not have my today. When but, he decided to give up my child on that day, I do not owe him anything. In the near future, I must kill him. Only then he dies, my child can inherit the throne, all issues do not become the issues. Therefore, if your wish makes me delay to invade the Douluo Continent speed, then, must kill him. Has killed him, I have the reason to withdraw troops. Naturally, after he dies, I must cope with Holy Spirit Cult. Also for this reason, temporarily leaps does not get rid to unify Continent. What kind of? If you can achieve, then, I at least can guarantee that within ten years, no longer launch the war. You can also help Star Lou Empire and Dou Ling Empire develop while these ten years time well, can look overtake our Sun-Moon Empire step. If you can achieve, on this day, is three points." ,:"?,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,?,,,,,,," Huo Yuhao seems first time knows Ju Zi(orange) to be ordinary, visits him who decides, long time could not speak. ,, Ju Zi(orange) makes him kill Xu Tianran unexpectedly, such Ju Zi(orange), is very in his eyes strange. Present Ju Zi(orange), as if when mentioned her son, had the sincerity! ,,,,! "Ju Zi(orange), why I do not know, you will turn into this unexpectedly. How to say again that Xu Tianran is also your child's father! Although I also very much think him dead, is, you should not. I do not hope that you become a cold-blooded animal." ",,,!,," Ju Zi(orange) has smiled, she smiles is very cold, "my child's father? If is really this, you think that I will begin to him? Although my Ju Zi(orange) is not good person, but, I am also vivid, is a genuine woman. But Xu Tianran, he actually radically is not a real man. He was plotted by his blood brother in the past, may, not only the both legs that loses, he makes the ability of man. My child, is only my, does not have with his relations. He in order to have the crown prince, was been stabler by own rule, even forces me to borrow to plant, do you know? You may know how many pain my these years did receive?" ,,"?,?,,,,,,,,,,,?,?" The tears, in sneering flow. The whole body of Ju Zi(orange) is shivering. , Huo Yuhao has also tarried, he does not certainly know that Ju Zi(orange) actually withstood these many. ,, Xu Tianran and Ju Zi(orange), unexpectedly only then the name of husband and wife, does not have the reality of husband and wife, is makes Ju Zi(orange) borrow to plant, this matter, can be considered as absolutely on is Sun-Moon Empire biggest secret. If passes on, to Ju Zi(orange) and Xu Tianran, will have the huge attack. ,,,,,,, But at this time, Huo Yuhao thinks is actually not these, he then understands why Ju Zi(orange) will hate Xu Tianran. A man, own husband, unexpectedly by own woman whereabouts other man taking advantage of planting. This is what kind cruel! Regarding a woman, especially so. ,,,,,!, "Sorry, Ju Zi(orange), I do not know." ",," Ju Zi(orange) goes forward several steps, arrives in front of him, looks up him, at this time among them distance , is less than one foot, Ju Zi(orange) delicate fragrance transmits quietly and beautifully. ,,,, "I did not need you to say sorry. Although I hate Xu Tianran, but I actually very much love my child. Therefore, Yuhao, if, helping me kill Xu Tianran. But actually do not injure Little Yunhan. You achieve these, other matters did not need you to manage. I will try to find the solution, lets Sun-Moon Empire in ten years, no longer starts the war. Ok?" ",,,,,,,?" Huo Yuhao was really excited, if to Shrek City as well as Star Lou Empire and Dou Ling Empire ten years, can handle a lot. Although on Soul Guidance Technology, Star Luo and Dou Ling both countries and Sun-Moon Empire also has the huge disparity, but ten years makes utmost efforts to develop, always has the opportunity of pursuing. Ten years later, oneself also become more formidable, to that time, perhaps, oneself has been able to lead the war completely. ,,,,,,,,, However, this matter this matter of great substance, in the Huo Yuhao heart has hesitant. "I must consider." ,,"" Ju Zi(orange) nodded, said: "I do not worry. However you could rest assured that whatever, I will not go to attack Shrek City truly, you have told me, there is your family|home. How will I destroy your homeland?" ,:",,,,?" Huo Yuhao said: "What is your this true goal? Besides compels from Sun-Moon Empire me, since you do not plan to attack Shrek, you also do plan to do? Is the goal Dou Ling or Star Luo?" :"?,,??" Ju Zi(orange) visits him, smiles not to speak. , Huo Yuhao also visits her, "replied that my issue, I deliver you to go back." ,"," Ju Zi(orange) sighed one lightly, said: "How did I reply you? Tells you me definitely not to attack Shrek Academy this matter like me, the Shrek Academy person, believe you? Even if they believe you, they do dare to use the safety risk of Academy?" ,:"?,,?,?" The Huo Yuhao brow wrinkles, "you already calculated!" ,"!" Ju Zi(orange) smiles, "! Am I very intelligent? But, I did not think actually one are very intelligent, if I really intelligent, initially should not let off you. Did not have that Wang Dong'er anything matter." ,"!?,,," Huo Yuhao should not be excessive, avoids her scalding hot vision, sighed a sound track lightly: "Walks, I deliver you to go back." ,,:"," Ju Zi(orange) said with a smile: "You fear anything, I will not eat you." At the same time was saying, she goes forward one step, draws close to Huo Yuhao in front. :",",, The Huo Yuhao subconscious backlash half step, the right hand lifts, according to her shoulder, making her and maintain an arm distance. ,,, "She that?" Ju Zi(orange) looks at Huo Yuhao, light asking. "?", Huo Yuhao silently looks at Ju Zi(orange), has not spoken. Initially he when the Sun-Moon Royal Soul Engineering Academy study, has not known that Dong'er is a girl, now recalls, if knew at that time, perhaps in his heart did not have the means to accommodate other people again. ,,,,, To Ju Zi(orange), the Huo Yuhao emotion is somewhat complex, truly, Ju Zi(orange) is first walks into the woman in his heart, is only, that feeling is somewhat ignorant, Huo Yuhao even had thought at that time in own heart also has the worry, was afterward clear, this worry because of Wang Dong'er. ,,,,,,,, Circumstances changes with the time, now Ju Zi(orange) asked that his such issue, his some do not know how really should reply is good, he is not willing to injure Ju Zi(orange), but cannot talk nonsense. ,,,, Ju Zi(orange) silently visits him, after long time, the tears have welled up, "Yuhao, I only hope you to remember, on this world, regardless of I have injured anyone, two people I will not injure, one is you, one is a son." ,,,",,,,,," Huo Yuhao has shaken shaking, takes his mind to cultivate, naturally can feel, in Ju Zi(orange) these words has been full of the sincere emotion, is not fakes definitely. ,,,, Nod of gently, in the Huo Yuhao eye reveals several points of disappointed color, "is not willing to meet in the battlefield with you. At least, we are the friends." ,,"," Ju Zi(orange) said: "Can hug me one?" :"?" Huo Yuhao hesitant, stretches out the arms eventually, has supported Ju Zi(orange) gently, actually not body and her fitting. ,,, Ju Zi(orange) shoves open him, "you are really also perfunctory. However, I am very happy." Spoke these words, she turns around to run suddenly, runs to outside. ,",",, Huo Yuhao hurries to follow, arrives at outside with her. , Stands in the camp, Ju Zi(orange) looks to the distant place that the distant place land is barren, many hills, cannot see the green as before, cannot see existence of any life aura. ,,,,, "Really mysterious, does not know why you will have this kind of place. I know that you will not say, I will not ask anything. Delivers me to go back, after going back, I am War-God Empress. I before to words that you spoke, kept a promise." ",,,,," "Um." Huo Yuhao sighed one lightly, did not recite the incantation, a leaf of jet black front door opened wide behind them. A Huo Yuhao hand holds the Ju Zi(orange) shoulder, the personal appearance dodges, submerges the front door to vanish does not see. "",,,, The quickest renewal, non- ball window reading invited. ,

 





DD2 - V.#12 - #566 My goal is to fight in the spirit


The ray again changes, all as if returned to the stock rail. In the jet black front door, Huo Yuhao brings Ju Zi(orange) to march into to her big account. ,, Ju Zi(orange) has turned around, facing this mysterious one, in her heart shocks at this time as before, "since this is the deepest secret that you have hidden?" Ju Zi(orange) asked in a soft voice. ,,,"?" Huo Yuhao had not replied that visits her, his look is also very complex. ,, Ju Zi(orange) said: "You were the heart were too soft, you had the opportunity to kill me a moment ago, or imprisoned me. Actually, I do not have to speak the truth completely, if I am not , the army may really the attack your Shrek City. But by your Shrek strength, there is an opportunity top. So long as has gone against the first wave of offensive, perhaps you have the opportunity. But, you have let up such opportunity, returned to here, so long as I want, you again did not have any possibly to seize me." :",,,,,,,,,,," Huo Yuhao sighed, said: "I know." ,:"" Some Ju Zi(orange) surprise visits him, said: "Do you also deliver me to come back?" ,:"?" Huo Yuhao shook the head, said: "I cannot decide, you said right, my heart was too soft. However, hopes that in the future do not challenge my bottom line, do not have the too strong confidence to oneself. If one day, I really want to kill you, where you could not hide." ,:",,,,,," Ju Zi(orange) smiles, she as if did not worry that the threat of Huo Yuhao, "you must have this skill, kills that person first. Has killed him, ten years make me to observe." ,,",," Huo Yuhao eyes narrows the eyes, kills Ju Zi(orange), he has the psychological burden, but, must say that kills that person, he is a burden does not have. Is that person so really good to kill? In Bright Capital City, there is an imperial Soul Engineer Corp protection, to strike to kill that person, then, must the imperial Soul Engineer Corp destruction. ,,,,,,?,,,, "I walked." Huo Yuhao beckoned with the hand to Ju Zi(orange), the personal appearance is hidden in the air quietly. "", Some Ju Zi(orange) illness brought on by the obstruction of flow of vital energy. Suddenly said: "Who I told you my goal am." :"" "Um?" Just prepared commander tent Huo Yuhao to stop, the personal appearance reappeared in commander tent, turned around surprisedly looks at Ju Zi(orange). "?",, Ju Zi(orange) stands up, arrives in front of him slowly. "Yuhao, does not know you to believe that I stopped by calling out you suddenly, is willing to tell you this secret, because, I wanted to look at your one eyes." ,",,,,," The Huo Yuhao heart slightly shakes, felt Ju Zi(orange) like the water gentleness, the mood somewhat is losing patience. ,, "My goal is Dou Ling Empire, you should be able to guess correctly that but cannot affirm." Ju Zi(orange) chuckle. Said. ",," The Huo Yuhao look concentrates, nodded to her, the personal appearance twinkle, is hidden once more, disappearance of being quietly. ,,,, Ju Zi(orange) stands there. On the elegant face is having the light smile throughout, as if not know that he departed. Until after long time, her complexion gradually became gloomy, turned back own position, the mind barrier that will close before opened. On the elegant face is revealing the cloudy clear uncertain look, seems is pondering anything silently. ,,,,, Left commander tent, Huo Yuhao has shot up to the sky. The fluctuations of all Surveying Soul Guidance Device fall on him, instantaneously by the Imitation Soul Ability analysis and concealment. ,, Has flown upwards to over five kilometers upper air, Huo Yuhao stopped. , Be continuous hundred li (0.5km) the Sun-Moon Empire army from the upper air bird's eye view ground, the Huo Yuhao mood is somewhat low. One do not have the means to set firm resolve to cope with Ju Zi(orange) eventually. , Although Ju Zi(orange) displays before him gentle like water, but Huo Yuhao actually deep feeling her fearfulness. From beginning to end, initiative have not grasped. Ju Zi(orange) has almost used he on each weakness ingeniously. Such woman. Really was too fearful, particularly commander of enemy. ,,, War-God Empress, lives up to reputation! ,! Ju Zi(orange) each few words real, this is Huo Yuhao most thinks the frightened place. The open and aboveboard open intrigue and analysis, making him actually have to give up imprisoning her plan. ,, Facing the crazy Sun-Moon Empire army. Even is the Sun-Moon Empire army who Holy Spirit Cult leads, absolutely facing calm Ju Zi(orange) is more fearful. Now Shrek City most fears is such storm. , Moreover, Ju Zi(orange) also very good grasped him at heart, knows that his bottom line is anything. She tells him not to attack Shrek City, only this point, makes Huo Yuhao have to let off her. But also bewildered has believed her. Perhaps is because, she opened the mind barrier directly, to reason that oneself do not guard against. Huo Yuhao is really unable to start to such Ju Zi(orange). ,,,,,, The air in upper air is very neat, after Huo Yuhao slightly makes the stop, flies in the Shrek Academy direction. ,, Just like Old Xuan said that he does not have the means to convince Shrek Academy Ancient Elder, then, he can do now, is as far as possible prevents the motion of Ju Zi(orange). ,,,, Returns to Shrek City, Huo Yuhao to go to school ground directly, opens the King front door, has all put three Soul Engineer Corp. Let the camp that they return to train be stationed. Meanwhile, transports the massive commodities and grain. ,,,, These commodities arrange several Soul Guidance Array places in Shrek City sufficiently, adds on joining of three Soul Engineer Corp again, making the defense of Shrek City be able to promote the several fold surely, even if really facing the crazy offensive of Sun-Moon Empire army, can resist some time. ,,,, Completes these, weather already dawn. Huo Yuhao has not gone to Academy, but returned to Tang Sect directly. School ground here matter, he has made the Soul Engineer Corp assistant go to Academy to report. ,,, Returns to Tang Sect, what making Huo Yuhao somewhat pleasantly surprised is, Beibei and Tang Wutong came back. ,, Cannot attend to disturbing them to rest, Huo Yuhao found Tang Wutong in own room first. , "What kind of? Wutong?" "??" Tang Wutong worthily is Titled Douluo, although at this time or daybreak, but was awakened after by Huo Yuhao, she actually fiercely throws, grasps him. ,,,, After coming back, she heard Huo Yuhao matter, perhaps others do not understand that what he has done, but won't Tang Wutong be able to guess correctly? ,,? Moreover she is very clear, Huo Yuhao opens her, is in order to does not come under her influence, if there are her, she will not allow him to choose the method of Yin-Yang Supplement to practice second Soul Ring at this time. ,,,, "Bang" the strength of seal is absolutely fearful. In Tang Wutong closely hugs, Huo Yuhao does not escape by luck the possibility. Once again was shaken to fly. "", Huo Yuhao presents the big font brand mark on wall, he very helpless discovery, oneself future father-in-law seal will be quite overbearing. Even will act according to his strength to adjust the seal attack might. ,, He had Dual Soul Nucleus, after may be exploded flies, is sorely and is very very sore. Huo Yuhao in this moment, in the heart even somewhat has doubts, actually oneself this future father-in-law's strength will be what kind of Ah? his seal, can actually formidable to so the degree. Must know, oneself facing Limit Douluo time, there are to escape possibly, is, facing his seal, means does not have. This thinks that this time can hugging well Wutong, now looks like, as if own strength also by far insufficient! ,,,,?,,,,,,,,,! Tang Wutong snort|hum, "hugged you because of my very fear, was flushed by the seal, you got what one deserves. You dare while me not, when breaks through. Do you have to think my feeling? If the breakthrough were defeated, what to do?" At the same time was saying, her eye was a little red. ,",,?,?", The Tang Wutong nose has pulled out pulling out, sudden arrow step rushes to front of Huo Yuhao, has entrained him, then heard on him heard. ,,,, Went bad! Huo Yuhao in great surprise. But on the face actually does not dare to express any mood to fluctuate. ! "Said." Tang Wutong sneers, both arms surround in the front, in big eyes of pink-blue color, clearly has dense murderous aura to glitter. "",,, The heart of Huo Yuhao is twitching, "did we say the proper business first? That side Dou Ling Empire what kind of? Has the situation? Did they listen to your dissuading? Did you find Heavenly Sun Douluo?" ,"?????" Tang Wutong curled the lip, said: "Heavenly Sun Douluo had found, the words I also brought. But they turn a deaf ear obviously. Dou Ling Empire elite came toward Shrek, many tomorrow. I arrive at Dou Ling Empire time, they already sent elite. Four Soul Master legion, add on 200,000 armies again." ,:",,,,200000" Huo Yuhao pats the forehead, "ended. The Ju Zi(orange) goal, is Dou Ling Empire." ,"," The Tang Wutong complexion sinks, "confesses your issue, body fragrance what's the matter?" ,",?" Huo Yuhao sighed, submissive before , wanted to abduct Ju Zi(orange), the matter is said by she convinced. Is working as Tang Wutong, he is a point conceals does not dare to have. Did not say that the white lie is not good, but the Tang Wutong this double big eye as if can see through him, do not have concealed good, otherwise she felt accidentally, that really will affect the feelings, let alone, Huo Yuhao does not think one made anything to be unfair to her matter! ,,,,,,,,,! Is listening to his explanation, the Tang Wutong complexion gradually became even more gloomy. , "Does she make you hug you to hug?" "?" "I gently have held her shoulder!" "!" "That is not good." "" "Woman is jealous is really an impervious matter!" "!" "Impervious impervious. Has the skill you to look for her. Perhaps, you by the body allow, she also repulsed the enemy, even revolts directly also perhaps. This is how the boundless beneficence matter!" Saying of Tang Wutong face ridicule. ",,,!" Huo Yuhao sighed, "good, I made a mistake. I will look for her time next time again, certainly is leading you." ,",," "Made a mistake must be punished." Tang Wutong coldly visits him. "" "Also can punish? I admitted mistakes." An innocent person of Huo Yuhao face. "?" Tang Wutong flies suddenly is also threw, a tone lives in his lip. , The Huo Yuhao pupil enlarges instantaneously, that fragrant and mild feeling spreads to the brain instantaneously, made his some blanks. At this time, even if Yin-Yang Supplement Dual Soul Nucleus as if also some, no matter used. ,,, Then, naturally printed on the wall...... ,

 





DD2 - V.#12 - #566 My goal is to fight in the spirit


When Huo Yuhao pastes the wall to sliding, he suddenly has an inexplicable happiness. The watermark advertisement test watermark advertisement tests Yin-Yang Supplement Dual Soul Nucleus is useful. Although is very as before sore, but as if restored to be quicker than before. If can such own, what be each time? The seal strength is strong, we did not fear. Currently has the Dragon Pill fusion in any case, Pi Caorou is thick. ,,,?,, Hey, father-in-law Sir, how long having a look at your seal to block my. ,, Shook the body, stands, Huo Yuhao harbors evil intentions looks at Tang Wutong. ,, "Do you do?" Tang Wutong inexplicable feeling somewhat dangerous. "?" Huo Yuhao smiles, said: "Doesn't do, but some people said that must punish me. That punished several times to be good." ,:"," Has not waited for Tang Wutong to respond that Huo Yuhao on instantaneous throwing on. Tang Wutong wants to fend, but Huo Yuhao is relying on formidable Spiritual Detection, direction that the accurate judgment he must fend, direct above her way, one grasps Tang Wutong, the pain kisses her fragrant lip once more. ,,,,,, "......" Tang Wutong cannot be separated from the tiger claw, was kissed. However, next one flickers, the body of Huo Yuhao flew, formidable seal strength, once again "penalty" he. "",,,,,"" This time, Huo Yuhao has not even waited for the body to fall from the wall, rebounds, throws once more toward Tang Wutong, "comes again, the penalty must thoroughly!" ,,,,",!" "Does not want!" Tang Wutong this time study was intelligent, started Teleportation Soul Ability on oneself pin bone directly, the personal appearance dodged, suddenly vanished. "!",,, However, when she moves sideways to present the time, happen to sees a badly face with a smile. ,, Their Soul Ability are the same, there is Martial Soul Fusion, after Huo Yuhao broke through second Soul Nucleus, to the control of Space Power does not know that was more formidable than many before, is relying on Spiritual Detection as well as to the Space Power sensation, he accurately judges the position that Tang Wutong presented. ,,,,, In Tang Wutong is thinking one must by the wolf kiss. Huo Yuhao was actually the body stops, both hands held her shoulder, said: "Wutong, punished this to finish. I truly obtained the positive news from Ju Zi(orange) there. Dou Ling Empire that she must cope with. But at the present this time. We do not have the means to convince Academy Ancient Elder. Therefore, can only walk one. Did First Senior Brother come back?" ,,:",,?" Tang Wutong said: "First Senior Brother also came back. I heart that. Star Lou Empire that side situation is better, has left behind some elite. But sent some people to come eventually." :"," Huo Yuhao said: "Now could not attend to this many. That side First Senior Brother, I pass to greet, then we walk immediately. We go to Dou Ling Empire. Can look prevent Sun-Moon Empire to their attacks. Ju Zi(orange) to maintain the battle efficiency of frontal battlefield, as well as confuses us. Is impossible to reassign too many manpower, most likely, is dispatches Soul Engineer Corp to go to sneak attack, attacks the Dou Ling Empire weak place." :",,,,,," Tang Wutong said: "Good, you look for First Senior Brother, I tidy up slightly. We walk." :",," "Um." Huo Yuhao complies with one, turns around to walk. But the footsteps actually stopped, turns head to look to Tang Wutong, the gentle voice asks: "Is tired?" "",,,:"?" Tang Wutong shaking the head of gently. "It is not tired, so long as with you in same place, even if more tired nothing. Later while me not, when take risked. Do you know? I am really good to fear that leaves your days in me, after coming back, again could not find you. I heard that this time came including Beast God Di Tian, for must aim at you." ",,,?,,,," The Huo Yuhao her pink-blue color long hair, "do not fear silently that I will not take risk easily, this time also some assurances such do. Di Tian there, cannot take care of oneself temporarily, does not look for me. However, told you a good news, the Di Tian type has taken down while this breakthrough in my Reverse Scale. I walked first, you tidy up." ,",,,,,,," "Um." Tang Wutong complies with one, Huo Yuhao is moves sideways, left the room, directly soared that side Beibei. "",,, He looks for Beibei, not only for the Star Lou Empire matter, but also for Tang Ya. The Tang Ya evil toxin thorough was good, own Blue Silver Grass Martial Soul was awakened. However, she and Blue Silver Emperor have not completed the fusion, because cultivating of Tang Ya not to be able to achieve the bottleneck at present, wants she 90 levels of times, fused Blue Silver Emperor to take own spirit again. Huo Yuhao must go to inspect for her, having a look at her present condition to be what kind. After all, he has taken Sword of Life. ,,,,,,90,,, "First Senior Brother." Huo Yuhao has not searched to observe in the room with own Spiritual Detection the situation. This related to others ** the matter he will not do. The sound is not strong, but has the penetrating power very much passed on. ""**, "Um? Little Junior Brother." Hears the Huo Yuhao sound, in the room transmits the rustling sound to put on the sound of clothes. Tender snort|hum resounds, this tender snort|hum the air/Qi is full, but has several points to be discontented obviously. "?",,, The time is not long, Beibei walked from room, evidently, wearily does not have, instead some mind glow. ,,,, Huo Yuhao somewhat awkward [say / way]: "First Senior Brother, is the Little Ya Teacher situation what kind of?" :",?" "Good, um, she is very good." Beibei somewhat awkward saying. ",," Which Huo Yuhao could not have looked, in the heart darkly rises gang of sad intent, when can so be also good with Wutong one well! Great father-in-law Sir, actually do you when come? ,,!,? "The Star Lou Empire that side I had greeted, Duke White Tiger listened to your judgment, thinks that has the possibility very much. But Shrek, he also thinks very importantly. Therefore, dispatched part of elite to come. But that side the defense line is also takes strict precautions against to cling to tenaciously. On the other hand, the Star Lou Empire overall strength is very strong. If the Sun-Moon Empire aspect is not attack whole-heartedly, is not necessarily able to flatter. He also makes me bring well to you. I told him us in the destruction that Sun-Moon Empire was. Duke White Tiger said that he also thinks, looked the having something pointed attack can do. Cannot so be passive." ",,,,,,,," "Um. First Senior Brother, basic is now clear. The target in Sun-Moon Empire aspect is Dou Ling Empire, therefore I planned that goes to that side Dou Ling Empire to walk with Wutong. If can bump into Dou Ling Empire that side Sun-Moon Empire Soul Engineer Corp, gives them to deal a head-on blow. Three Soul Engineer Corp I have made them return to Shrek City, tomorrow will start to deploy troops for defense, here gave you." ",,,,," Beibei looks at Huo Yuhao saying: "Little Junior Brother, heard that you did break through? Titled Douluo?" :",??" Huo Yuhao nodded, said: "Completes by luck, First Senior Brother felt relieved that has Wutong and I in the same place, even if the matter may not be, our whole bodies return do not have any issue." ,:",,,," Beibei nodded, said: "Does not have anything not to feel relieved that to your me, Academy gives us. However, are you extremely weak, making Sanshi they go with you together?" ,:",,,?" Huo Yuhao thinks that said: "Academy should be safe, good, I called Third Senior Brother their several people to walk together." ,:",," Beibei said: "now wants?" :"?" Huo Yuhao nodded, "time did not wait for the person, that side Sun-Moon Empire certainly already to start, we more early, might prevent them on exceed." ,",,," He too understood Ju Zi(orange), although Ju Zi(orange) told him the goal, but, the plan of Ju Zi(orange) already had launched without a doubt, perhaps shortly after the Dou Ling Empire that side elite proleg just walked, attack of Sun-Moon Empire from another direction. Border line that before Sky Soul Empire and Dou Ling Empire bordered on was so long, the Sun-Moon Empire aspect, can launch the offensive from any direction to Dou Ling Empire, was not good to resist. ,,,,,,,, Beibei said: "You planned that whom leads to walk?" :"?" Huo Yuhao [say / way] without hesitation: "Third Senior Brother and Fourth Senior Sister, in addition Ji brother, Ye Guyi and Nan Qiuqiu. The people are too many are not good. Several of us should be OK. Second Senior Brother remains to assist Teacher Xuan to manufacture Soul Guidance Device, he does not go, Fifth Senior Sister also stays behind, avoid they each other are very anxious." :",,,," "Good, such has decided that we called the person together." ",," Soul Master is in meditate luckily in the evening most of the time, therefore, does not exist to harass person of clear dream matter. After the quarter, the people who Huo Yuhao formerly said were said. ,,, Huo Yuhao called to prepare ready Tang Wutong again, has not led the people to fly to depart directly together, but opened Gate of the Dead, has delivered to them undead Demi-plane, making them continue to practice in the undead Demi-plane camp. He flies, having an everybody getting-off speed is being much quicker, moreover like this rests in undead Demi-plane, everybody can also guarantee the optimum condition as far as possible. ,,,,,,, Huo Yuhao said goodbye to Beibei, has not actually reported to Academy the trip of situations, soars once more, directly soars the Dou Ling Empire direction to fly. ,,, Flies into the upper air, Huo Yuhao closes double pupil, Spiritual Power is assigned away from the capital, adopts the Spiritual Detection sensation completely all of outside. The flight for him, could not constitute now any consumes. Even he can also rest and realize from experience in entire flight. ,,,, From the sky flew, making his feeling to the space more profound. The flying speed increases unceasingly at the same time, he also unceasing was trying to find out in the entire flight the change as well as the space to the transformation of that body induces. ,, Actually was Dou Ling Empire where attacked? As outstanding individual who Ultimate Soldier Plan trains only, Dou Ling Empire main cities position as well as approximate map all in the Huo Yuhao mind. ?, Approaches Shrek Academy definitely is not the suitable breach, may encounter here anytime to Dou Ling Empire elite. The analysis here from the rationality, should be is away from the farther the better. Dou Ling Empire is bounteous, did this look for from where by oneself? Should better or wants some accurate news be good. ,,,,? ----------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------- Over the two days was repaired by the therapist, when the therapist I massaged the stiff back and neck, always said that was enduring, will be very pain, I helped you download! ,,,,,! I listen quite panic-stricken......, Unloads and downloads......, I am also living fortunately, I suppressed to support. ,,,, Now the cervical vertebra and back, did not carry on the physical therapy unable to sit still. But I will shoulder! Certain! I gather the strength, next month, will be our peerless Tang Sect last moon/month, I as far as possible will be many select, put together a monthly ticket! Everybody also gathers strength with me! ,!!,,,,!!

 





DD2 - V.#12 - #566 My goal is to fight under the spirit


Huo Yuhao now Spiritual Power, although can cover very wide scope, but this covering eventually is limited, impossible to complete the reconnaissance to a border of country in a short time. ,, Flies in airborne, he also looked out a Star Dou Forest direction. In the heart mused how did not know Beast God Di Tian and these Evil Soul Master battles. Looking from the heart of hearts, he hopes actually Beast God Di Tian wins. ,,, Although Di Tian must cope with him, but Di Tian starting point for the Star Dou Forest destiny and his oneself, but these Evil Soul Master wanted hateful many. If Evil Soul Master dies in his hands, oneself were actually convenient. ,,, This time rescues Dou Ling Empire first, if rescues successfully, comes back also really to consider the suggestion of Ju Zi(orange), if strikes to kill Xu Tianran to trade ten years of peace, was one is greatly meddlesome. Now the Sun-Moon Empire army, truly is not any country can block. The Ju Zi(orange) choice is stationed outside Shrek City, a goal is for the recuperation. She must attack, any place will lose seriously. Perhaps what she said is real, in war, she also at avoid as much as possible casualties. ,,,,,,,,, Thinks of Ju Zi(orange), some Huo Yuhao big, Ju Zi(orange) became more and more fearful, now completely is sly commander. But was not initial that Senior Sister. ,,, Shrek Academy situated in original Sky Soul, Dou Ling and places of Star Luo three countries connection, therefore quick Huo Yuhao entered in Dou Ling Empire. Flew shortly, he had discovered these Dou Ling Empire come the Shrek City reenforcement elite as well as the army. Takes a broad view to look , does not have the edge boundlessly! ,,,! He could not prevent these armies to enter Shrek City, can only extend their reversed direction flight, following the Dou Ling Empire border line, continuously to north. This direction, is easiest to discover the enemy. ,,,, Sun-Moon Empire big camp. Orders issue from commander tent unceasingly, outermost Sun-Moon Empire army two wing two Soul Guidance Array moved taking advantage of the dim light of night quietly. After they leave the camp, prompts forward ten li (0.5km) slowly, is then stationed, assembles. ,,,, After two Soul Guidance Array complete the assembly. Also is two. When dawn. Outside Sun-Moon Empire army camp. 12 Soul Guidance Array assemblies have been completed. The Sun-Moon Empire army sets out once more, moves ahead ten li (0.5km). 12, From Shrek Academy. Only remains 90 li (0.5km) to be away from. 90 Without any warning, does not have any attack. But such moves ahead ten li (0.5km) motion, lets entire Shrek City unconscious is anxious. ,, In the Shrek City top, the Shrek City defense force has prepared for momentarily greeted attack. Three Soul Engineer Corp that Huo Yuhao leaves behind. As well as they the Soul Guidance Array equipment that has from Sun-Moon Empire, rapid in the Shrek City north city jamb to starting arrangement. Various types of commodities fast are also shipping. ,, Star Lou Empire and Dou Ling Empire first batch of reenforcement arrived, after listening , the Shrek Academy aspect dispatches. At this time, two Great Emperor national capitals have chosen to the Shrek Academy absolute trust, reenforcement elite that will send, all gives the Academy control. ,,,, In history, more than 4000 years ago. Finally when facing the Sun-Moon Continent decisive battle is so, overcomes the enemy, made Sun-Moon Continent turn into Douluo Continent part thoroughly. ,4000,, After 4000 today, this as if must repeat. Dou Ling or Star Luo. Two Great Emperor national capitals hope that Shrek Academy can reappear the initial magnificence. Hits this biggest enemy thoroughly remnantly. Naturally, Sky Soul Empire final remnants of defeated troops. They have also been ready. Can recover the homeland, as if in this at one fell swoop. 4000,,, However, the attack of Sun-Moon Empire has not actually arrived, after moving ahead ten li (0.5km), they maintain the original lineup are being stationed there, the military discipline is prosperous, but actually does not attack, even links an exploratory attack not to have. But, after that several hundred thousand army distances pull closer ten li (0.5km), the oppression strength that brings is different from before. ,,,,,,,, Some specially formidable installs the Soul Guidance Cannon ball surely, if launches from this distance, might cover the Shrek City range. Regarding this, how can Shrek not guard? ,,,? Old Xuan as well as Sea God Pavilion Ancient Elder, are the next day high noon knows news that Huo Yuhao vanishes. However, this Huo Yuhao has at least left behind three Soul Engineer Corp. ,, Old Xuan has to take the rap for him, said to Ancient Elder that was he dispatches Huo Yuhao to complete the secret task. ,, Old Xuan is also willing to believe that analysis of Huo Yuhao to the Sun-Moon Empire army is correct. But, is related to the Shrek City safety, who dares to bet? At least at present could not have seen that Sun-Moon Empire has the sign that any must withdraw. ,,,?, From ten days of deadline that initially Ju Zi(orange) said that also had final three days to the present. The atmosphere in Shrek City, is beyond example anxious. ,, Dou Ling Empire and Star Lou Empire, more and more elite gather in Shrek City, gets ready for action. Everybody was waiting. Numerous Soul Guidance Device of Tang Sect production were also pushed up the top. ,, When Dou Ling and Star Luo both countries see Shrek Academy three Soul Engineer Corp, the confidence was also fuller several points. They as if saw that the outside Sun-Moon Empire army was hit the remnant appearance. ,, Ju Zi(orange) sits well in own commander tent, is eating the birdsnest gruel, a leisurely appearance. Regarding last night kidnapping, she as if already had forgotten, does not have any caring. ,,,, She does not certainly believe how she told the Huo Yuhao truth to be able. When she just led the army moves to here, that two Soul Engineer Corp already. Now moves has launched inevitably. Yuhao wants to prevent, how possibly with enough time. The key is, oneself moves ahead ten li (0.5km) motion, can make his any explanation the futile effort. ,,,,, Three days later, Shrek Academy estimated that impossible to hand over Huo Yuhao. Then, again stretched the rules their several day to be good. Waits for Dou Ling Empire elite to obtain domestic news the time, again deceptive attack. ,,, Yuhao Yuhao, in the face of absolute strength, your strength, how can also achieve the degree? However, you also really worthily are the man who I like. At twenty -year-old age, had the present strength, in the future is limitless. If, the future is you and I am ruling Sun-Moon Empire together, this good. ,,,?,,,,, Drinks up the birdsnest gruel, Ju Zi(orange) returns to the big account that oneself rest, sits cross-legged to sit down, starts to practice. But her facial expression also finally becomes gentle. ,,, Yunhan, you fortunately? You may know that mother quite thinks you. ,?, Half evening's time, Huo Yuhao almost flew in the Dou Ling Empire northern border, is relying on the supersonic flying speed. These cruises makes him not have to attain. Had not found any fight the trace. ,, The defense of Dou Ling Empire in border is quite strict, the entire border, at least stored up over 300,000 armies, moreover now also starts to have various Surveying Soul Guidance Device to appear, although also has no way to compare with Sun-Moon Empire, but generally speaking, several years ago compared has also striven to excel. ,,300000,,,, Dou Ling Empire had Sky Soul Empire as the natural blockade after all, although on the other hand the national strength is small and weak, but for these years, has not looked like Sky Soul Empire and Star Lou Empire has defended is attacked by Sun-Moon Empire, oneself also very diligently is developing, at least judging from the present situation, is quite good. ,,,,,, Huo Yuhao has flown is away from the Dou Ling Empire northern border not far place , to continue to fly to north again, that may be the Extreme North Tundra category. ,, Sun-Moon Empire Soul Engineer Corp is confident, possibly does not launch from that position the attack to Dou Ling Empire is right! ,! But, this all the way looks like, absolutely does not have any trace of Sun-Moon Empire army to appear. Is this possible? Does Ju Zi(orange) deceive my? ,,?,? Thinks that this possibility, Huo Yuhao sinks on the heart, if Ju Zi(orange) is deceives own, that will have the big problem. One are impossible the manpower that found her to send out. At this time, what to do did she start to Shrek Academy attacks? ,,,,? Thinks of here, Huo Yuhao first thinks that immediately returns to Shrek, but, he calms down quickly. ,,,, Recalled Ju Zi(orange) to tell itself at that time the expressions of these matter times, as well as then mind fluctuation. Regardless of how Huo Yuhao does not believe that at that time Ju Zi(orange) was deceiving him. All sorts of signs showed that then Ju Zi(orange), said should be the truth. May such being the case, why unable to find Emperor Sun-Moon who Ju Zi(orange) sends out ** team? Did these armies, actually arrive where? ,,,,**?,? Has not continued to fly again, Huo Yuhao thought one must be calm first. He from the airborne landing, falls in the ground, sits cross-legged to sit down, in the eye is revealing the color of thinking. ,,,, He in view of Ju Zi(orange), if one, will be what kind of? ,,? The armies suppress, making Dou Ling and Star Luo both countries have to rescue Shrek Academy, in this case, is what kind of attack, regarding Star Lou Empire or Dou Ling Empire is most fatal? ,,,,? In order to guarantee the front military strength is powerful, Ju Zi(orange) is impossible to send out too many armies, but in fact, the news that must come looking from the Sky Soul Empire remnants of defeated troops, the strength that currently in the Ju Zi(orange) hand grasps, as if has not reduced. In other words, the ordinary army had almost not been sent out. ,,,,,, As the matter stands, own guess should be completely correct, Ju Zi(orange) sends, has Sun-Moon Empire Soul Engineer Corp. Each Soul Engineer Corp is several hundred people, in several hundred thousand people of armies certainly common. Moreover they walked, does not affect the arrangement of Soul Guidance Array place. ,,,,, If Soul Engineer Corp, the strength somewhat is possibly insufficient, therefore, two to three Soul Engineer Corp, is most possible. But, why these haven't Soul Engineer Corp attacked the border? The Dou Ling Empire border defense line is very complete, without any attacked sign. What they dispatch the Shrek Academy aspect is elite, but good of border defense also guarantee. Best situation that this has been able to achieve. Even if Huo Yuhao this looks that thought one are somewhat has groundless fears. ,,,,,?,,, ---------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------- Needs everybody to select the recommendation ticket to support! Was right, I had with everybody has said that did our peerless Tang Sect cartoon pamphlet fifth volume of nation go on the market? Hey. Has the thing to deliver, concrete is anything, oneself have a look. !,,,?,,

 





DD2 - V.#12 - #567 The Decapitation Strike of livelihood empire


But, in his heart restless actually became more and more intense. His oneself has Power of Destiny that Three Eyed Golden Lion hands down from generation to generation, to the sensation of destiny is very keen, whenever he has now this feeling time, certainly will have the matter to occur. ,,,, Actually was? ? Huo Yuhao has patted own forehead, if are Ju Zi(orange), to choose actually? ,,? Two Soul Engineer Corp words, the breakthrough, breaks through the Dou Ling Empire border defense line forcefully, is that also useful? The following army support, has not seized the city unable to hold. After all, Soul Engineer Corp is strong, manpower is actually limited! ,,,?,,,! In situation that in this type can only destroy...... Wait / Etc.! Only can destroy. ! Suddenly, the Huo Yuhao heart has contracted suddenly, he has thought suddenly a possibility, he in some time ago just had made the possibility. ,,, Yes! Situation that Ju Zi(orange) faces now, before leads three Soul Engineer Corp to be how similar at the matter that in Sun-Moon Empire handles? !,? What is different is only Ju Zi(orange) here Soul Engineer Corp is impossible to have the ability of stealth, but must discuss the battle efficiency, what if she sends out is Soul Engineer Corp of Hand of the National Protector rank, perhaps must above oneself that three Soul Engineer Corp. ,,, In border, defense of Dou Ling Empire, although is good, but meets that rank Soul Engineer Corp, must say that dodges their airborne Surveying Soul Guidance Device, is not impossible. If so...... ,,,, Huo Yuhao understood suddenly, but while clear, the back instantaneously has also emitted the close cold sweat. ,, The matter that Ju Zi(orange) handles is actually very simple, she has duplicated herself at the matter that in Sun-Moon Empire handles. She will not make that two Soul Engineer Corp attack and destroy everywhere, creates scared to Dou Ling Empire. Because two Soul Engineer Corp islands of resistance are thorough, in not that undead Demi-plane and so on under the ability protection, will always be exterminated. ,,,, However, if does her goal have one? Or. Has a city? Also can be what kind of situation? ,??? The Huo Yuhao back cold sweat remained. Right, certainly. , The Ju Zi(orange) goal, is the Dou Ling Empire capital city! Huo Yuhao soaring without hesitation, speed instantaneously suddenly to increase to the quickest speed that oneself can be. Directly soars the Dou Ling Empire capital direction to go. ,!, Also has anything to be broken compared with the Dou Ling Empire capital. Dou Ling Empire was Imperial Family completely annihilated regarding Dou Ling Empire attacks a more terrorist matter? ? One attempted such to do in Sun-Moon Empire, but were defeated. But. This time, Dou Ling Empire has dispatched Shrek City own elite, internal capital certainly will also be very void, the powerhouses left. Why do they resist the surprise attacks of two Soul Engineer Corp? ,,,,? Ju Zi(orange) Ju Zi(orange), you were really too fearful! ,! In the Huo Yuhao heart, had the intense murderous intention to Ju Zi(orange) once again. The Ju Zi(orange) strategy, seems is very each time direct, but actually that fatal. ,,, Acceleration that Huo Yuhao goes all out, his personal appearance in airborne simply looks like together the flowing light. Occasionally will penetrate in the space, never the distant place drills again. The rapidness of speed. Resounds sonic bangs from the sky unceasingly. ,, Huo Yuhao understands that own opportunity were actually not many. If Ju Zi(orange) before this time goes to Shrek City already layout. Soul Engineer Corp that then, she sends out regardless of quantity many, after submerging Dou Ling Empire. Has enough time to go to the Dou Ling Empire capital. ,,, They cannot certainly have that rapid speed like themselves in Sun-Moon Empire within the boundaries. But, is that also what kind of? Regarding them, now such speed was enough. They only need disguise in the ground to change costume, through some quite secret way, goes to Dou Ling Empire capital Spirit Dou City. ,?,,, Dou Ling Empire aspect, although developed the Soul Guidance Device speed to be quick in these years, but the upper air Surveying Soul Guidance Device science and technology they must fall behind are too many, was impossible to achieve Sun-Moon Empire such completely to arrange on massive upper air Surveying Soul Guidance Device the capital around. ,,, Can aim at the tactic of Dou Ling Empire capital is too many, are too really many. Huo Yuhao self-examines, if in the hand present two Soul Engineer Corp, can find out several means to aim at the Dou Ling Empire capital to launch the attack, moreover absolutely is ruinous. ,,, Carries out this task, Sun-Moon Empire Soul Engineer Corp must carry nine levels to install the Soul Guidance Cannon ball surely. But Dou Ling Empire capital, why also to resist such attack? ,,? Huo Yuhao is flying rapidly, while has closed the double pupil. Since one continuously, in tactic, but also loses to Ju Zi(orange)! ,,,! If can early think of these, this good? ,? Dou Ling Empire so, that side Star Lou Empire? We hope that Ju Zi(orange) has not deceived me, has not aimed at Star Lou Empire to take such action similarly. ,?, However, that side Star Lou Empire, at least also has oneself that father. Even if Imperial Family except for the issue, so long as there is a Duke White Tiger in this armed forces the pillar, temporarily will not be chaotic. Therefore, the choice of Ju Zi(orange) yes right, sends out fatally in view of Dou Ling Empire strikes, can let the Dou Ling Empire interior confusion absolutely. At that time. Her goal can be...... ,,,,,,, Thinks through an issue, then a series of issues also understood. , The Ju Zi(orange) true target, is Star Lou Empire! Dou Ling Empire civil strife, Dou Ling Empire army naturally must return to the interior, anything compared with stabilizing an internal more important matter. ,!,, But in this case, Star Lou Empire put the surface to be short of the natural ally, but Ju Zi(orange) can also attack Star Lou Empire whole-heartedly. ,, So long as hits Star Lou Empire, what Dou Ling Empire is? Casual what kind, can make them submit. ,?, Star Lou Empire itself borders on with Sun-Moon Empire! Huo Yuhao even thinks that at some critical moments, Sun-Moon Empire most formidable Sun-Moon Royal Family Soul Engineer Corp appears that side Bright Struggle Mountain Range, the both sides converging attack, how should Star Lou Empire resist? !,,,,? He does not have the answer, because this radically is a dead end. The Ju Zi(orange) overall strategy, the clear appearance in the Huo Yuhao brain, has been possible at this moment, he actually unable to find out the law of dealing completely . Moreover, he thought that he was slow, knows was also too late. ,,,,,,,, Now in any event, must go to Spirit Dou City, if also with enough time, even if rescues some Heaven Dou Empire Imperial Family to be also good. ,,, The Huo Yuhao speed was too fast, his daybreak still in the Dou Ling Empire border, may work as Sun to rise truly from the distant place. He penetrated Dou Ling Empire, was away from Spirit Dou City to be getting more and more near. ,,, But also at this time, Huo Yuhao felt the fierce Soul Power fluctuation that the distant place has transmitted unceasingly. , Really, really I guessed right. , Huo Yuhao acceleration once more without hesitation. By far. Spirit Dou City was already in sight, but. When Huo Yuhao looks out into the distance, sees Spirit Dou City time, in his heart actually cannot help but raises a despair. ,,, The Spirit Dou City direction, he sees clearly. Is the thick smoke of shooting up to the sky, that thick smoke is not 12 flames can produce definitely, seems, is entire Spirit Dou City is burning unexpectedly likely, this was really too fearful. ,,12,,, The fierce Soul Power fluctuation is transmitting from that direction as before unceasingly, the distance is nearer, Huo Yuhao even heard the intermittent bellow. ,, Huo Yuhao also knows the Spirit Dou City exact location. But where actually does not know the Spirit Dou City imperial palace. But judging from the present situation, entire Spirit Dou City as if burns, does that imperial palace have the possibility of escaping by luck? ,,? Answer without doubt negative, Huo Yuhao pain has closed eyes. One late come one eventually! ,! But also flickers below, when his again opening eyes pupil, in the double pupil, sends out the intense murderous intention. ,,, Personal appearance suddenly to dodge, the body of Huo Yuhao cuts the expansive sky, falls in the Spirit Dou City direction., He noticed from afar the massive forms glitter in the thick smoke. He saw familiar blue form, one type form that is glittering dark yellow. ,,,, Evil Tyrant Soul Engineer Corp. Good Ju Zi(orange), she to send out, is really Sun-Moon Empire Hand of the National Protector. Another Soul Engineer Corp should. Dark yellow Soul Guidance Device equipment, Emperor Dragon Soul Engineer Corp? Emperor Dragon of head of four big Beast King Level Soul Engineer Corp? ,,,?? Huo Yuhao clenches the teeth, in the double pupil full is the cold severe color. Spiritual Detection launches fully, has covered toward entire Spirit Dou City. ,, Since was unable to prevent, takes revenge for the ghosts that Spirit Dou City died! ,,! In Spiritual Detection under covers covers, Huo Yuhao discovered quickly that in being away from Spirit Dou City approximately inside and outside 30, in common woods, the scale quite not small Soul Guidance Array arrangement is completed. ,,30,, The scale of this Soul Guidance Array place, at least is three times of ordinary Sun-Moon Empire Soul Guidance Array place, he can look through Spiritual Detection, here Soul Guidance Device, is Sun-Moon Empire is absolutely most advanced. ,,,, The Soul Guidance Array arrangement here, without a doubt, this should be they launches the place that the attack most starts, in the meantime, when then they retreat best barrier. ,,,, Completes to the attack of Spirit Dou City, what even if were loses such Soul Guidance Array and were considered as? ,? First is cut off their rear guards. Through Spiritual Detection, the Huo Yuhao accurate feeling, in this Soul Guidance Array, 50 Soul Engineer stations. Moreover is ajar the linkage defense guard shield. Once the front war is disadvantageous, them can also play the defense role. ,,,50, Worthily is Beast King Level Soul Engineer Corp, fight experience truly is rich, gave back to itself to leave behind the full retreating resources. ,, However, since they run into me, then,...... ,,, Huo Yuhao floating falls, in distance that Soul Guidance Array not far away, opened own Gate of the Dead quietly, has released several companions. ,,, Confesses anything to them without enough time, under their gazes, Huo Yuhao flushed. ,, Extreme Ice Battle God Armor takes possession instantaneously, dark blue ray integrates Huo Yuhao within the body just like the flowing light generally. , A personal appearance show, he arrived at that Soul Guidance Array neighbor, through Imitation Soul Ability protection these Soul Guidance Array in Soul Engineer cannot discover his form through Surveying Soul Guidance Device. ,, The quiet blue ray flashes through together quietly, the ray is not strong, even is it can be said that slender. But also flickers below, Huo Yuhao had wormed one's way into from Soul Guidance Protective Cover quietly. ,,, The grating alarm sound in resounds in Soul Guidance Array, but, are all these also useful? ,,? Entered the linkage defense guard shield, let alone is 50 Soul Engineer, even if again elite Soul Engineer, facing angry Eye of Asura , can only resist blindly. ,50,,, Linkage defense guard shield that cuts the half-open position, Huo Yuhao uses is not Ice and Snow Goddess Breath Morning Dew Knife, but is Demonic Engraving God Knife. ,, Demonic Engraving God Knife has the formidable destructive effect regarding any energy body and object, this point, even must surpass Sword of Life. ,, Relies on the portray of Demonic Engraving God Knife, Huo Yuhao is breaking in outrageously, his Spiritual Detection already grasped the position that inside all Soul Master were. ,, The personal appearance dodges, he toward a direction flushed. , In the alarm sound, inside 50 Soul Engineer all responded that various Soul Guidance Device ray twinkles, Surveying Soul Guidance Device, seeks for the direction that the warning is transmitting particularly comprehensively. ,50,,, Was Soul Guidance Protective Cover broken? This makes all guarding Soul Engineer have a bewildered feeling. In their opinion, even if Transcendent Douluo is impossible to break ajar Soul Guidance Protective Cover! Moreover, their Surveying Soul Guidance Device did not have any induction before, was this possible? ?,!,,? Then they saw the Huo Yuhao form, Huo Yuhao appeared outrageously, has not hidden own whereabouts through Imitation Soul Ability again, because has not needed. ,,, The Soul Guidance Array interior also similarly has the Soul Guidance Device protection, feared that was penetrated. , Huo Yuhao appears the personal appearance, immediately ten several Soul Guidance Ray shoot to him. These Soul Guidance Ray are very sinister and ruthless, has the ordinary hard radiation and scalding hot beam, but also hides together is seeming common, actually destructive power greatly strengthened decomposition beam. ,,,, However, regarding these attacks, Huo Yuhao is actually evades does not evade, whatever they fall on themselves. ,,, In front of Extreme Ice Battle God Armor, these Soul Guidance Ray link ripples unable to arouse. The Huo Yuhao right hand from the sky makes the movement that empty presses, in the eye golden light dodges. ,, A series of "Bang and Bang" sound gets up, from Huo Yuhao recent seven and eight Soul Engineer explode the head instantaneously. Huo Yuhao Spiritual Power sufficiently compares favorably with any Limit Douluo now, although these Soul Engineer are the Hand of the National Protector members, but also is cultivating of four, five rings is, in front of his Soul Burst, simply looks like general that the paper sticks. "",,,,, Is centered on the Huo Yuhao body, a Absolute intense chill in the air spreads toward the surroundings, has almost covered in a flash the entire camp. ,,, In the camps, these are trying to launch the attack to him Soul Engineer, side that in this presents suddenly cold front, has to stimulate to movement Soul Power, whole-heartedly resists the tremendous blow that this chill in the air brings. ,,,, Repair to lowly, is only during several breath, turned into the ice sculpture, cultivates to be high, extremely cold under was limited the motion in this. ,,,, -------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------- Asked the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket! 4000 character big chapters. Right, yesterday I in our prestige - in platform sent us to dazzle the drawing of world Tang Sect Corporation, everybody was interested to have a look. We dazzle world Tang Sect, is our Tang Sect entity shop. Later mainly makes the electricity business, sells our Tang Sect books, peripheral product. The peripheral product will develop one after another. !4000,-,,,, Everybody interested words, can pay attention to our washing now first, treasure, shop, in shop there search: Dazzles world Tang Sect, can find. The shop is manufacturing tight, it is expected that at the end of the month, can meet with everybody officially. ,,:,,, Purchases our legal copy books, we have the present to bestow, moreover we ensure in the future will be the entire net first quick. The guarantee enables everybody to buy our books and cartoons from our bookstores first. ,, Joins our prestige - platform examines the corporate site, everybody transmits: Dazzles world Tang Sect Corporation, then. -,:, Joins the platform to be very simple, prestige - top right-hand corner plus sign - increases friend - search public number - searches Tang three few, has the authentication, is our families! ,----,,!

 





DD2 - V.#12 - #568 Surprise attack in cloud of smoke float over


Huo Yuhao has not initiated Ice Explosion Technique, because now and often initiates the Ice Explosion Technique good time, this Soul Guidance Array Soul Guidance Device is very advanced, destroys one, is not the small losses. How the watermark advertisement test watermark advertisement tests that side the Dou Ling Empire imperial palace not to know the situation, can reduce some losses, is. ,,,,,, One step steps forward, Huo Yuhao personal appearance strange disappearance when Soul Guidance Array, appears again, already 200 meters away, by Soul Guidance Array in giant Soul Guidance Device. ,,,200, The form also happen to flushed together from that giant Soul Guidance Device at this time. Sees Huo Yuhao, he stares first, lifts the hand is together Soul Guidance Ray releases toward Huo Yuhao. ,,, This person is at present Soul Guidance Array most powerhouse, is a strength achieves eight levels of Soul Engineer powerhouses. , Huo Yuhao coldly snorted, basic, no matter that [say / way] eight levels of Soul Guidance Ray, on Extreme Ice Battle God Armor, are only flood dark blue halos, the Soul Guidance Ray destructive power completely was melted. But the right hand of Huo Yuhao has laid out. The dark golden light blade edge delimits the startled day rainbow, has covered the body of that eight levels of Soul Engineer instantaneously. ,,,,, golden light shines, Paragon Protecting Cover. Eight levels of Soul Engineer maintaining life methods already quite rich, this is no exception. ,, Who although he cannot see Huo Yuhao is, but by him the status in Sun-Moon Empire, Humanoid Soul Guidance Device has seen, Xuan imposing manner that at present this person sends out, is not he can contend. After Paragon Protecting Cover opening, front Soul Guidance Thruster also opens, personal appearance flying upside down, wants to run. ,,,,,,, What a pity, next one flickers, his always proud seven levels of Paragon Protecting Cover actually directly crash in the ground. ,, The defense of Paragon Protecting Cover truly is good, but, tremendous strength his pounding maliciously in ground. Moreover the Paragon Protecting Cover surface, presented five astonishing fissures unexpectedly, may want to shatter unexpectedly anytime. ,,,, Five cold currents also to rush forth from the fissure enter along with it. This eight levels of Soul Engineer hurry to release their Soul Guidance Protective Cover. What a pity, Huo Yuhao will not have given him again any opportunity. , Tip of the toe in ground. Huo Yuhao arrived in front of his Paragon Protecting Cover, left hand very simple presses on Paragon Protecting Cover, then Huo Yuhao turns around to walk. ,, Golden Paragon Protecting Cover turned into ice blue color, that in Paragon Protecting Cover. The whole body is completely stiff. Also changed into an ice sculpture. , Emperor's Palm, Great Coldness Snow! ,! Even if Paragon Protecting Cover. It is not able to prevent the Great Coldness Snow Absolute chill in the air. After having second Soul Nucleus, Huo Yuhao Absolute Ice finally accomplishment. When this Emperor's Palm, had Snow Emperor in the past the heyday elegant demeanor. ,, Spiritual Detection covers the entire Soul Guidance Array place, has not discovered any living witness again. Huo Yuhao arrives in the key station rapidly. Simultaneously takes back own Absolute Ice chill in the air, opened Soul Guidance Protective Cover, puts outside partners. ,,, "Third Senior Brother, you remain behind this Soul Guidance Array place. Turns on here linkage defense guard shield, when I come back. Wutong, you follow me, we arrive in front Spirit Dou City to have a look. Sun-Moon Empire dispatched two Soul Engineer Corp to sneak attack Spirit Dou City. Now fears the situation not to be good." ",,,," Spoke these words fast, Huo Yuhao holds up the hand of Tang Wutong, jumps rapidly, goes in the Spirit Dou City direction. ,,, They hand in hand. First felt that incorrect is Tang Wutong. The Tang Wutong surprised discovery, own Soul Power actually did not have the means with Soul Power of Huo Yuhao to fuse like before mutually, converges Hao Dong Power. ,, Huo Yuhao Soul Power as if turned into solid, keeping her Soul Power from permeating. , Huo Yuhao controls the personal appearance to fly to Spirit Dou City, while explained at present own Soul Power condition to her. , Tang Wutong knits the brows: "That said that later I must have the Yin-Yang to balance second Soul Nucleus, can use Hao Dong Power with you once more?" :",,?" Huo Yuhao shakes the head saying: "I do not know. After all, I am human first have the Yin-Yang Supplement second Soul Nucleus person. Also how can with my once more Martial Soul Fusion that you adjust, later we attempt slowly. Our Martial Soul Fusion techniques should be able to use." :",," "Um." At this time obviously did not discuss this issue, the free time of speech, they arrived at sky over Spirit Dou City. "",, In Spirit Dou City, many are on fire, particularly approaches that side the central area, the flame soars to the heavens, that side anything that the rich smog covers up cannot see. ,,,, The heart of Huo Yuhao, sank to valley, although could not see, but his Spiritual Detection can actually feel clearly! In that side, over 300 meters in diameter giant gulf has extended about 50 meters to the ground. In gulf range, regardless of there is anything to construct, already changed into the powder powder. But from that gulf surrounding construction, that place, is the Spirit Dou City imperial palace is likely at! ,,,!,30050,,,,! Good ruthless Sun-Moon Empire, good ruthless Evil Tyrant and Emperor Dragon two big Soul Engineer Corp. You such being the case are vicious, that do not blame me not being impolite. ,, Spiritual Power erupts suddenly, he before broke through that side Soul Guidance Array place, Spiritual Detection has been covering here, all Emperor Dragon and Evil Tyrant two Soul Engineer Corp members all in his searching observed in the range. ,,, These Soul Engineer have not known that their rear position was broken through. At this time is wreaking havoc in Spirit Dou City crazily. The effective strength in Spirit Dou City aspect as if already by their to get rid of was similar, before shelled imperial palace that was nine levels installs the Soul Guidance Cannon ball to achieve inevitably surely. Now these two Soul Engineer Corp Soul Master, unscrupulous wantonly attacks in the city. Especially seeks for Soul Master and Soul Engineer to start. ,,, However, they although now is rampant, but is not negligent. Is every ten Soul Engineer gathers, acts in unison, runs into the match who dares to revolt against, all launches the attack immediately fully, kills it. Meanwhile in the city in some big projects launches the offensive, its destruction, manufacture confusion. ,,,,,,,, In city, Spirit Dou City city defense force, although the population are many, but the genuine powerhouse are not many. Dou Ling Empire elite Soul Master, all arrived at that side Shrek City. Remains in the Spirit Dou City powerhouse, majority in imperial palace. The imperial palace was exploded. The loss is serious. This little while where can gather resists two Soul Engineer Corp strengths! ,,,,! Then, the time that Emperor Dragon and Evil Tyrant two Soul Engineer Corp bear patiently is quite not short. They seek for the Dou Ling Empire reconnaissance the scotoma, sneaks quietly its within the boundaries. Does not dare after the big city, to look for the wilderness open country to march forward, by its own Surveying Soul Guidance Device little explorer. Arrives around Spirit Dou City with great difficulty. Happen to starts today. ,,,, If Huo Yuhao late comes a double-hour again, perhaps they must retire after meritorious service. , The Huo Yuhao mind big net opens, is drawing Tang Wutong, is hidden in the smog quietly. Is relying on Imitation Soul Ability, they did not fear that was discovered. ,,, One team of Soul Engineer rapid before their bodies not far away passed over gently and swiftly. The Huo Yuhao thought moves, they followed with Tang Wutong. , This Soul Engineer belongs to Evil Tyrant Soul Engineer Corp, in four Beast King Level Soul Engineer Corp, the Evil Tyrant Soul Engineer Corp speed is quickest. Huo Yuhao also most hates them. Initially besieged him and Wang Qiu'er, isn't this Evil Tyrant Soul Engineer Corp? If not for they, Wang Qiu'er also not necessarily must offer sacrifices. ,,,?, The personal enemy meets particularly is jealous, Huo Yuhao simply does not have any stay, the right hand to wield, hundred meters huge Dark Gold Terror Claw across the sky passed over gently and swiftly in the smog together. ,,, These Soul Engineer basic responses do not have, was patted by Dark Gold Terror Claw. Although they have the four rings above strength. The body is carrying triggering Defensive Soul Guidance Device. But, cultivates for is really bad was too far. Does not have in the linkage Soul Guidance Device situation, these four rings and five rings Soul Master, possibly in front of Titled Douluo rampant? ,,,,? The smog became Huo Yuhao and Tang Wutong best concealing. Strikes successfully, ten Soul Engineer die. Huo Yuhao and Tang Wutong once more seek for peripheral zone next group of Soul Engineer. , These two Beast King Level Soul Engineer Corp Soul Engineer are very strong, if makes them gather, displays the linkage defense and linkage Assault Soul Guidance Device, even if Huo Yuhao present cultivating to also can only flee to the wilderness. ,,, What a pity, they were too arrogant. They break through Spirit Dou City already sometime, before collaborated, to get rid of in Spirit Dou City almost all top powerhouses. Seven Titled Douluo rank powerhouses died under their linkage Assault Soul Guidance Device. Later they disperse, battlefield cleanup. ,,,, Don't forget, these Soul Engineer have Storage Soul Guidance Device, but here is the Dou Ling Empire palace wall capital, does not grab turns, how they can repress. ,,,, Greedy is the pardoned crime. Because is greedy, they do not know one became the killed object. , Huo Yuhao Spiritual Detection in the role that this time can play is really too big. He does not bump these strengths to surpass seven rings above Soul Engineer, looks for the surrounding to cultivate for low Soul Engineer specially starts. , What pursue is strikes to kill. Does not give the match to hit back and inform the opportunity of one's own side. It is not Dark Gold Terror Claw is Soul Shaking Burst. From beginning to end, Tang Wutong has not even gotten rid. , The free time of a while, Huo Yuhao successively has cut to kill more than 200 two big Soul Engineer Corp members. ,200 Must know that Beast King Level Soul Engineer Corp chooses Soul Engineer is extremely severe, not only wants the strength to be enough, but also is young and has the potential, in addition assiduously trains, is selective later can be selected. ,,,,, Each Beast King Level Soul Engineer Corp normal official fight Soul Engineer, has 300 people. Huo Yuhao on such a while, on to get rid of most Soul Engineer Corp, in addition, in the Soul Guidance Array that side 50 people. ,300,,50 Emperor Dragon and Evil Tyrant two Soul Engineer Corp already buckle about half. But also at this time, two Soul Engineer Corp leaders finally discovered that is not right. Because many subordinates cannot relate. , --------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------- The peerless Tang Sect cartoon 129 issues, everybody transmits: Peerless Tang Sect 129, in our prestige - platform consults. Looked that Huo Yuhao first time fights with Wang Dong! 129,:129,-! Joins the platform to be very simple, prestige - top right-hand corner plus sign - increases friend - search public number - searches Tang three few, has the authentication, is our families. ,----,,

 





DD2 - V.#12 - #568 In surprise attack in cloud of smoke float over


Before they also in stimulated of grabbing, but Soul Engineer Corp was not big, population also these. But here is the domain of enemy. Therefore they are quite careful, after a period of time, will relate team leader of each squad, thus confirmed everybody's position. ,,,,, However, when they start to relate once more, the surprised discovery, many squads have not actually replied, lost trace unexpectedly likely. ,,,, Two Soul Engineer Corp heads these may fear, immediately issues the order, in upper air set. Inventory population. ,, In Spirit Dou City, at this time is one piece in confusion, the city defense force is resisting the attack of Soul Engineer blindly, in the city everywhere is the crying bugle call and confusion. Each family close the door. But no one knows when will have a Soul Guidance Cannon ball to fall in own family|home. The wall, cannot take to them any security sense. ,,,, In this time, the attack was stopping suddenly, forms, fly in the upper air direction. Obviously must gather. ,,, "They discovered probably." Tang Wutong said in the Huo Yuhao ear in a low voice. "" Huo Yuhao smiles cold, said: "Soul Engineer Corp gathers, is extremely formidable existence, once disperses, then, is their ends. These Sun-Moon Empire Soul Engineer has achieved too many success, so will be arrogant. But is arrogant, is loses their life the important reason. We walk. Let us completely finish them, takes revenge to the people who Dou Ling Empire died." ,:",,,,,,," At the same time was saying, Huo Yuhao holds the hand of Tang Wutong to skyrocket, the personal appearance toward airborne flies like lightning. ,, Under the cover of Imitation Soul Ability, he and Tang Wutong change into the air completely, arrives in the assembly place that they have ordered compared with these Soul Engineer quickly. ,, Huo Yuhao sees, float six Soul Engineer in midair. , According to the establishment of Sun-Moon Empire Beast King Level Soul Engineer Corp, each Soul Engineer Corp has three expert regiment chief, two. ,, At present these should and that's the end. Two expert regiment chief, are nine levels of Soul Engineer cultivates is, another four assistant regimental commanders, is eight levels of Soul Engineer. Before Huo Yuhao in Soul Guidance Array that side to get rid of eight levels of Soul Engineer, this motion, these two Soul Engineer Corp absolutely had still been have said is elite performs. ,,,,, Huo Yuhao is holding the hand of Tang Wutong, is waiting for silently. , At this time, had many Soul Engineer from below to fly, toward here gathers, but. ,, Huo Yuhao has not moved, as before and Tang Wutong on silently in that several Soul Engineer Corp expert regiment chief nearby not far away. , That six vice- are the complexion of regimental commanders is becoming more and more ugly, does not have no way ugly, flew the population that to be really short from below were too many. Moreover is few of an entire squad and entire squad. ,, These squads, even links a sound not to send out. , Evil Tyrant Commander Soul Engineer Corp named Xia Xuanchen, he replaced initial Mad Bull Douluo Wang Yiheng. After Wang Yiheng the Tang Sect people collaborate to get rid of, he by assistant regimental commander originally rose. The strength compares in the Emperor Dragon Soul Engineer Corp regimental commander wants inferior many. ,, "Old Xu, the situation is not a little right! Perhaps we bump into the hard stubble. How has the person been short of these many?" ",!?" Was called Old Xu by him, is Emperor Dragon Commander Soul Engineer Corp Xu Tianyuan, this person is Imperial Family. Emperor Dragon Soul Engineer Corp is in itself controls by numerous Imperial Family members, but actually completely does not obey emperor's order, is a strongest strength that the Imperial Family ancestor and relative controls. ,,,, Xu Tianyuan is also Imperial Family, from rank, he is Emperor Sun-Moon Empire the Xu Tianran clansman. May in fact, the age be much bigger than Xu Tianran. In the entire Sun-Moon Empire Imperial Family ancestor and relative status very high one. Otherwise his impossible control Emperor Dragon Soul Engineer Corp. ,,, The Emperor Dragon Soul Engineer Corp strength is next to Sun-Moon Royal Family Soul Engineer Corp, absence of one word, but actually subordinates in the different influences. ,, Imperial Family ancestor and relative when some specific, the strength specially will be formidable, when for example numerous imperial princes compete for the throne. ,, However, Emperor Dragon Soul Engineer Corp is quite always neutral, never favors any imperial prince , the status of this neutrality, made them exist. They only serve the emperor's clan benefit. ,,,, "It is not right. How to have been short of that many people? Can be has forgotten the discipline that these young bastards grab?" After he said this possibility, did not believe including oneself some. "??", The Xia Xuanchen forced smile said: "Is unlikely. Even if they have grabbed, will unable to contact the communication. team leader of various squads, but also is insufficient so to be shortsighted." :",," Xu Tianyuan nodded, sinking sound track: "If nobody gathers again, we turn on the linkage defense guard shield to retreat. This our goal was also in any case completed." ,:"," Xia Xuanchen has hesitated, said: "But, has been short of that many brothers." ,:"," Xu Tianyuan clenches teeth, said: "Enemy , if there is powerhouse to hide in the city, what we can also make? Here is the Dou Ling Empire capital is at surely, believes the matter that the capital is attacked spread. Will have soon the master of Emperor Qin to arrive. Since the goal has been completed, other could not attend, first removed to say again. Safety first." ,:",?,,," "Good." Although they are Beast King Level Commander Soul Engineer Corp, but in this motion, is actually primarily Emperor Dragon Commander Soul Engineer Corp Xu Tianyuan. Although Xia Xuanchen loves dearly oneself these subordinates, but at this time, only then took the bull by the horns. "",,,, Soul Engineer in many of more and more around them gathering. In this time, some Xu Tianyuan strange feelings, his Xia Xuanchen also similarly is feeling suddenly. ,, They are nine levels of Soul Engineer, moreover can become Beast King Level Commander Soul Engineer Corp, their respective strengths, even if in nine levels of Soul Engineer is also the outstanding person. ,,, "Be careful." Xia Xuanchen drinks one lowly, right hand wields, a handle Can's silver war hammer suddenly appears during he grasps, then rumbled toward void. "",,, "Well." Light well transmits from the air. Bursts out from the nihility to the pale golden little hammer innumerably suddenly, toward expands in all directions. "",, Under Xia Xuanchen that hammer played the enormous role, the silver light jumps shoots, before these golden light erupt instant, has had certain filtration. However, even if so, he and Xu Tianyuan are simultaneously are also stuffy snort|hum one. Personal appearance flying upside down. All is mouth and nose hemorrhage. ,,,,, At this time, the strengths of two Beast King Level Commander Soul Engineer Corp appeared, the flash in golden light bang by that inexplicably being presented that Xia Xuanchen and Xu Tianyuan were almost simultaneously the respective racket a oneself chest palm. ,,, A formidable strength bursts out from their Humanoid Soul Guidance Device suddenly. The huge thrust force assumes ring-like promotes outward. Flying upside down that not only each other promotes them, is similar to arrow Yaichi. Also side several assistant regimental commanders, two Soul Engineer Corp Soul Engineer that as well as just gathered suddenly promotes, all diverges toward the surrounding. Suddenly, is similar to Heavenly Woman Scattering Flower is unexpectedly ordinary. ,,,, Mantra Amidst the Void, Spiritual Tempest! ,! Huo Yuhao and Tang Wutong personal appearance appears in air. That struck a moment ago, is their formidable Spiritual Tempest Martial Soul Fusion technique. , However, even if Huo Yuhao cannot think that these Sun-Moon Empire powerhouses' responses so are unexpectedly quick, and has chosen the most correct resistance Spiritual Tempest method. ,,, Formidable repelling force that bursts out from two Commander Soul Engineer Corp, even links him and Tang Wutong certainly is affected. But that more than 300 Soul Engineer are also instantaneous dispersing. Most people have avoided coverage of Spiritual Tempest. ,300 But overwhelming majorities eventually are not complete, in airborne accordingly explodes the head from Core Area territory recent more than 30 Soul Engineer. The bunch blood light erupts from the top of the head, the corpse crashes to go toward below directly. ,30, During four two Soul Engineer Corp assistant regimental commanders, all under that formidable mind impact, fall into to be dizzy. But Xu Tianyuan and Xia Xuanchen do not have. Their Humanoid Soul Guidance Device are nine levels of Soul Guidance Device, has strong defense capability . Moreover, to their this levels, the body is the inevitable equipment resists the mind attack Soul Guidance Device. ,,,,,, Therefore although they bear the brunt, similarly brain dizziness, but finally after sacrificing two precious mind Defensive Soul Guidance Device, has withstood Huo Yuhao and attack of Tang Wutong Spiritual Tempest stiffly. ,,, The Huo Yuhao vision fell on the body of that Xia Xuanchen directly, particularly in his hand above that handle silver hammer. , That silver hammer is not Soul Guidance Device, but is typical Martial Soul. Nine levels of Soul Engineer, unexpectedly when was most essential has used own Martial Soul, this means that not only he Soul Engineer, was Titled Douluo in the true sense. ,,,,, Sun-Moon Empire, is really the latent talent! ,! However, Huo Yuhao has not actually stopped, facing several hundred Soul Engineer, stops means that was collaborated to attack by the opposite party. While two Soul Engineer Corp chaotic opportunities. He moved sideways with Tang Wutong instantaneously, first plunged Xia Xuanchen. ,,,, Is the formidable enemy, must eliminate on exceed first. Moreover, these two Soul Engineer Corp regimental commanders, can play the enormous amplification role regarding entire Soul Engineer Corp director. Only then strikes to kill them first, can about one step ruin these two Soul Engineer Corp. ,,,, When Xia Xuanchen sees the Huo Yuhao look, had guessed correctly oneself is his goal. The body shines intense silver light suddenly, nine levels of Soul Guidance Protective Cover. ,, Huo Yuhao and Tang Wutong move sideways instantaneously, but , the Tang Wutong body resounds the resonant dragon roar sound, a fist on the bang toward Xia Xuanchen Soul Guidance Protective Cover goes. Huo Yuhao lays out is own left hand. ,, Their attacks seem that unadorned, but in an instant, the Xia Xuanchen sensation has saved him once more. He feels obviously that in this fist palm is containing extremely terrifying prestige energy. It seems like simple, but made in his heart have the life threatened feeling. ,,,, I looked that daily some book friends asked that when the Magic Chef of Ice and Fire apple version can on, I ask game side, at present looks, is about three weeks, the escape version on, the legal copy might be many first time, the apple official verification is quite slow. ,,,,,,, The book friends present of Android system can play, was good in our prestige platform that side direct downloading, below has the special button. Brother has practiced our server first, hey! The anticipation flight mount promotes. It is said also has the system of soul chains, soon promoted. ,,,!,

 





DD2 - V.#12 - #568 Under surprise attack in cloud of smoke float over


, His whole body ray flamings without hesitation greatly, in both hands, left a crystal stone suddenly. The watermark advertisement test watermark advertisement tests this crystal stone to present is the ellipse, has the baby head size fully. On the crystal stone, has the close trace portray. A appearance, first sends out the extremely powerful dignified aura. ,,,,,, The fist palm of Huo Yuhao and Tang Wutong almost simultaneously pats above his Soul Guidance Protective Cover. Terrifying Spiritual Power and Soul Power fusion, nine levels of Soul Guidance Protective Cover send out the grating resounding. The crystal stone presented the crack trace. But yellow Golden Dragon overbearing aura that the terrifying Absolute chill in the air as well as in Tang Wutong Radiant Dragon Goddess Butterfly lends, then enters following these cracks crazily. ,, At this moment, above the crystal stone of that ellipse, bursts out radiant golden light. Strength of the formidable resistance, stiffly flying upside down that backward Huo Yuhao and Tang Wutong promote. Moreover, gave back to the body of Xia Xuanchen to cover one has been similar to the egg shell general golden color ray. ,,,, Sees in the Xia Xuanchen hand the crystal stone, in the Xu Tianyuan eye pupil of distant place revealed the greedy color. He recognizes certainly that is any thing, regarding Soul Engineer, even if nine levels of Soul Engineer, is the absolute most precious objects! ,,,,! What thing is that? ? In the Huo Yuhao heart is surprised immediately, his Absolute Ice has the penetrating power, after the Yin-Yang Supplement second Soul Nucleus practice is completed, ordinary Soul Guidance Protective Cover could not have blocked this Great Coldness Snow. ,,, However, in a moment ago that flickered, the defensive power that the Xia Xuanchen body bursts out, can actually isolate the Absolute Ice prestige completely outside. Also has had that strong propelling force. This is not general Soul Guidance Device can achieve. Actually is the gadget in his hand what? ,,,? "Ring-like linkage, locking!" The Xia Xuanchen rave makes noise. ",!" It seems he resists Huo Yuhao and Tang Wutong that strikes very with ease, may in fact the matter , are clearest. If not in the hand this strange egg shell, perhaps in that flickered a moment ago, he had been frozen by Huo Yuhao Absolute Ice. Although was insufficient dead, but the attack of match was impossible such one. When follows to attack the arrival. He is inevitably impossible to escape by luck. ,,,, Although takes over the Evil Tyrant Soul Engineer Corp time not to calculate is too long, but prestige of Xia Xuanchen in Soul Engineer Corp is quite high. While his bellowing, Evil Tyrant Soul Engineer Corp surplus Soul Engineer opened their linkage Soul Guidance Device rapidly. ,, This ring-like linkage, specially to cope was broken through by the enemy to the situation of intimate place. Huo Yuhao also has to acknowledge. In the training and direction of Soul Engineer Corp. Sun-Moon Empire leads as before. , The bunch blue color ray shines. Connects a ring rapidly, the intense Soul Power fluctuation also appears. , "Circulant linkage. Defends the guard shield." Xu Tianyuan that side reaction rate is not slow, similarly has issued the instruction immediately. "", The Emperor Dragon Soul Engineer Corp quality in four Beast King Level Soul Engineer Corp is highest one, the speed that they start similarly is also quick. The Xu Tianyuan goal is very simple, for must encircles Huo Yuhao and Tang Wutong in inside. The linkage defense adds the linkage attack. Even if the match strength is strong, collaborates by their more than 300 Soul Engineer. Hasn't been able to strike to kill these two? ,,,300? Huo Yuhao sighed one darkly, Beast King Level Soul Engineer Corp, was not really good to cope! Now looks like, if did not take advantage to strike to kill part of Soul Engineer a moment ago randomly, but also is not really good to start. ,,!,, The situation in Dou Ling Empire imperial palace was unable to recall now, but in any event. If one also want the means to be separated from the situation of large unit while these two Beast King Level Soul Engineer Corp, annihilates them. But now is not obviously good, two complete the linkage Soul Engineer Corp, even if Limit Douluo. Also can only evade sharply its. ,,,, The jet black front door opens quietly, no longer needs the incantation, independent leaf of Gate of the Dead, Huo Yuhao almost can achieve instantaneous. ,,, The hand of Tang Wutong, personal appearance is dodging, they submerge in the front door to disappear do not see. ,, If runs away, perhaps may also be pursued by the linkage attack, escapes from the linkage defense not necessarily is completely safe. If the linkage attack carries on the range to cover, any invisible Soul Ability will lose the function. ,,, But like Huo Yuhao, escapes into to go to another plane directly, let alone that is at present these two Soul Engineer Corp, even if Sun-Moon Royal Family Soul Engineer Corp here, does not have the means with them. ,,,, Side flying Xu Tianyuan that Xia Xuanchen has a lingering fear, has wiped the cold sweat on forehead. , "Narrow squeak, that two person strengths strive to excel, what is more fearful, they also meet the stealth ability." Xia Xuanchen said to Xu Tianyuan. ",,," Xu Tianyuan looked in his hand the elliptic crystal stone, knits the brows: "What I am worried was they just displayed the ability of the fleeing. A aura completely vanished, is Space Power? But, wants to grasp Space Power, should be the Limit Douluo level is good. Did Dou Ling Empire, when have this level powerhouse?" ,:",?,,,?" The Xia Xuanchen forced smile said: "We quickly remove. No matter these two powerhouses come from where, it seems like, we were the brothers who contacted with are do not have. Quickly returns to that side the position, tidies up to walk. Let everybody throughout maintain the linkage defense stance. Avoids being sneak attacked by that two people. We must leave as soon as possible are good." :",,," "Um." Nod of Xu Tianyuan deep to be so. "" They are the island of resistance are thorough. If in frontal battlefield, even if the enemy is more formidable, is relying on the Soul Engineer Corp strength, they did not fear absolutely. But now in this case, two powerhouses hide in the side, looks like feels uneasy general. May face the sneak attack of opposite party conveniently. First returns to Sun-Moon Empire is the best means. Although in any case their this times the loss is not small, but the goal achieved, is great merit one. ,,,,,,, Two nine levels of Soul Engineer after discussion, lead their Soul Engineer Corp to fly immediately in the direction of Soul Guidance Array place. Although they have prepared for from the beginning lost this Soul Guidance Array place, but judging from the present situation, the Dou Ling Empire resistivity imagines them must be smaller. Nine levels of top installed the Soul Guidance Cannon ball almost to solve the entire imperial palace surely. If were not afterward these two powerhouses appears, they even could be said as the victory. ,,,, Two Soul Engineer Corp transform the lineup once more, this time, they as before have not maintained crowded. This is because before , Huo Yuhao that Spiritual Tempest, making two regimental commanders see fully he attacked the fearfulness in ability in the group. Therefore, as before is maintaining ring-like, stated differently, ring-like in a big way turned into one to be small. ,,,,,, Evil Tyrant Soul Engineer Corp outside, Emperor Dragon Soul Engineer Corp. Evil Tyrant Soul Engineer Corp outside is releasing the linkage defense. But Emperor Dragon Soul Engineer Corp Soul Engineer rest. In this case, they can defend alternately, once encounters the situation, the Soul Engineer Corp defense is enough, another already can strengthen the defense, can transform the defense is the attack. ,,,,,, If did not have the enemy to appear, under the defense, they also sufficiently maintained certain speed lead the way alternately. As for running into Emperor Dou Ling ** the team, they naturally did not fear. Only if Dou Ling Empire is gathers all Soul Master to besiege them, otherwise also really not any opportunity. In elite all went to under the Shrek City premise, the strength that these two Soul Engineer Corp join up is almost invincible existence. ,,**,,, In the direction of Soul Engineer Corp, two Soul Engineer Corp long do not have the slight defect, if by any chance they arrive at the Soul Guidance Array that side time, complexion actually ugly fearfulness. ,,, The defense guard shield of Soul Guidance Array place is starting, but inside person actually completely could not relate. Then they noticed that the Soul Guidance Array place linkage Assault Soul Guidance Device starts the sufficient energy. The goal, is they. ,, What to do can also? The matches have controlled their Soul Guidance Array place unexpectedly first, this already complete surprise, after thorough enemy, the time that their successive ponders radically does not have, to turn around runs, toward Sun-Moon Empire direction full speed flight. ?,,,,, What a pity, what they do not know, in fact in Soul Guidance Array, but few several people. Linkage defense and linkage attack that they stimulate, relies on is Soul Guidance Array in own Soul Power reserve, came from the strength of milk bottle. Cannot insist too for a long time. ,,,,, If these two Soul Engineer Corp maintain certain distance launches the sustained attack, may have certain loss, but recaptures Soul Guidance Array is actually the obvious matter. ,, But when looks like Huo Yuhao facing Ju Zi(orange), clear(ly) knew her goal not in Shrek City, but the Shrek City aspect does not dare to relax is vigilantly same. This time is also so, even if these two Soul Engineer Corp clearly know that Soul Guidance Array inside Soul Engineer is not strong, they impossible to choose to stay at this time. Huo Yuhao and Tang Wutong beforehand surprise attack, has cast the deep shadow to them. ,,,,, Huo Yuhao and Tang Wutong almost shortly after two Soul Engineer Corp just ran, quietly arrived at Soul Guidance Array outside. , After the partners converge, Huo Yuhao immediately found Xu Sanshi. , "Third Senior Brother, Spirit Dou City that side situation is not wonderful. Spirit Dou City encountered very strong attack, the imperial palace damaged completely. Does not know that Imperial Family also does have the living witness to stay behind. Thus, your several remain, goes to Spirit Dou City, revealed that our Shrek Academy status, then helps them improve the order, seeks person who Imperial Family may survive. I and Wutong chase down that two Soul Engineer Corp, I do not believe that they can fly back to Sun-Moon Empire to go, so long as the midway they have the time of rest, is our opportunities. Completes the order form while them, strives forever to keep Dou Ling Empire these two Soul Engineer Corp. To the Dou Ling Empire Imperial Family revenge." ",,,,,,,,,,,," Xu Sanshi nodded, said: "Good, you and Wutong go. Spirit Dou City gives us. You is really right, what a pity......" ,:",," Xu Sanshi sighed one darkly, now said anything late. Sun-Moon Empire was too sly, not only set the goal in Dou Ling Empire, but also aimed at the Dou Ling Empire imperial palace to start the Decapitation Strike directly. Formidable Soul Engineer Corp displayed their terrifying striking power in such campaign completely. Similar situation, if Star Lou Empire meets, perhaps is also not necessarily able to resist Dou Ling Empire is better. In the final analysis, in fact lost in the reconnaissance. ,,,,,,

 





DD2 - V.#12 - #569 In the life experiences of Xu three stones


Has traded Sun-Moon Empire, only if like Huo Yuhao, had almost the support of community stealth and space ability, otherwise, in that type almost does not have under the detection that the slit covers to sneak attack is impossible to succeed. Watermark advertisement test watermark advertisement test ,,,, Here Soul Guidance Array has not needed to leave behind the manpower, when the Dou Ling Empire that side capital stabilizes, sends for receiving again is. ,, Huo Yuhao is holding the hand of Tang Wutong, they jump once more, pursues the direction that two Soul Engineer Corp are leaving to fly. ,, Huo Yuhao Spiritual Detection cannot search to observe the entire country, but pursues two Soul Engineer Corp is also not being anything. , Spirit Dou City. Cloud of smoke float over, the entire imperial palace under the attack of terror, starts from the center, damage most. Only the city wall in surrounding, but also broken existence. ,,,, In the city is weeps and wails and pitiful yell sound everywhere. Confusion. The city defense force quantity in city are many, but also can only be the vacant maintenance order now. The imperial palace was destroyed, has almost also ruined the pillar of Dou Ling Empire person. ,, Xu Sanshi is bringing Jiang Nannan, Ye Guyi, Nan Qiuqiu and Ji Juechen, five people arrive under the Spirit Dou City city wall together. Looks at the gunsmoke in city, his complexion also became even more ugly. ,, On Xu Sanshi, not only actually has the Sky Soul Empire blood relationship, 50% came from Dou Ling Empire. His mother, in fact was Dou Ling Empire previous dynasty princess, was on a king youngest younger sister, is now the biological paternal aunt of Emperor Dou Ling Empire. Naturally, the premise is, if Emperor Dou Ling Empire is also living now. ,,,,,,, Xu Sanshi in childhood, once followed mother to come Dou Ling Empire, has seen one side the male cousin emperor of this peer. Afterward again did not have what relation. ,, Initially, his mother must marry the father time, has encountered the vigorous opposition of Dou Ling Empire Imperial Family. At that time, his mother most received the daughter who previous dynasty emperor loved. But the proud princess has finally chosen her put on airs, was being brought running away by the Xu Sanshi father. Comes back again. Was bringing Xu Sanshi. ,,,, Therefore, regarding Xu Sanshi one, Dou Ling Empire Imperial Family repelled. But this matter, is in the Xu Sanshi heart secret. Even if Jiang Nannan does not know. ,,, At this time. Saw gunsmoke that in Spirit Dou City raises, in Xu Sanshi heart. All sorts of feelings. How regardless to say that here is mother's maternal home! But on him, flows part to be the bloodlines of Dou Ling Empire Imperial Family eventually. ,,!, "Kaesong gate." Xu Sanshi looks out the top, at this time. City gate already confinement, in top, sword and spear sword halberd, a density. "",,,, "What person?" The bow and arrow and Soul Guidance Device on instantaneous downward aiming top. At this time, when the city is flustered, the nerves of almost all people are tying tight. In this case, any suspicious people who may present may by the attack. "?",,, "We come from Shrek Academy. Reenforces specially." The Xu Sanshi sinking sound said. "" "Shrek Academy? How did you show?" The military officer on top can also reluctantly maintain calm at this time. "??" Xu Sanshi lifts the hand, revealed one in the status token of Shrek Academy Inner Court disciple. , Looks at far Soul Guidance Device is various countries will definitely provide, quick, the people in city saw clearly his token situation. Then makes him throw the token to the top. ,, Although Xu Sanshi in the heart anxious, does not bear. But did not have any means at this time, must make an effort to throw, threw to fly the token. ,, The token to the top, underwent the confirmation quickly, after confirming without doubt, the city gate opened finally. ,,, An about 30-year-old defense general welcomed, although Xu Sanshi five people of seem is not old, but he actually does not dare to neglect. The person who Shrek Academy comes out, the strength always does not look at the age. The 20-year-old Inner Court disciple, the strength was quite astonishing. 30,,,20, "In city situation how?" Xu Sanshi asked to the military officer. "?" "End not completely will be clear. The attack of enemy does not have omen, suddenly appearance, direct attack imperial palace. Then attacks our each critical positions. Loses seriously! Imperial palace that side......" ",,!" Here, on this military officer face is piece of sad intent, although he did not know that side the imperial palace specific information, but looked into the distance in the imperial palace direction from the top , can see that side the imperial palace frigid situation. Meanwhile, when the imperial palace suffers nine levels install the Soul Guidance Cannon ball bombardment surely, he in the top the value is defending, at that time, his feeling looked like the world end approached generally. The entire imperial palace, turned into huge red-orange bright sphere, then, the terrifying attack arrived. ,,,,,,,,,,, Soul Engineer that in the city revolts against, were almost strangled to death by these fearful enemies, then they start to kill the city defense force. Although city defense force quantity are many, but without the organization and counterforce capacity, the casualty is serious. Some big constructions, were wrecked by the enemy completely. ,,,,, The Xu Sanshi complexion is very ugly, but at this time, he actually as before can maintain calm. ,, "Since now is unable to confirm that side Imperial Family also whether some people survive, now, I hope that you can coordinate me, first maintains in Spirit Dou City the order to be important. The enemies had been repelled by our companions, two Soul Engineer Corp evacuate, temporarily will not have the enemy to attack again. Therefore, the city gate did not need to defend, you were leading the person, entered a city with me, immediately keeps the order." ",,,,,,,,," "Ah? this is not good." The military officers have rejected immediately, in the meantime, looks that Xu Sanshi vision were also many color of several points of doubt. Let him give up the city gate defense, this? "?",,,? Xu Sanshi had not explained that but has taken off a necklace from the neck. , The necklace is in itself the silver, is very thin, but following hanging falls is very unusual, that is a pale golden small sign, above is mounting six gems. The color of each gem is different from the shape, but actually pieced together the Dou Ling two characters finally, above also has the gentle Soul Power fluctuation to send out outward. ,,,,,, Saw that this hangs to fall, military officer is surprised, has a look at Xu Sanshi again, on one knee knees down suddenly. ,,, "End will pay a visit the prince." "" Prince? Hears this name, Jiang Nannan, Nan Qiuqiu, Ye Guyi and Ji Juechen was also startled. When has Xu Sanshi become the Dou Ling Empire prince? ?,? They do not certainly know, that Xu Sanshi takes out hangs to fall, was initially her mother, when most is in good graces, was granted by previous dynasty emperor. ,,, This necklace is the symbol of Imperial Family, is the symbol of Imperial Family status. Only the crown prince can obtain in conferring rank and title. Entire Dou Ling Empire also few. , Initially, Xu Sanshi mother, because was favored, obtained such granting, its significance was. The Xu Sanshi grandfather gave her mother not to be inferior in the status and status of any crown prince. ,,, Afterward the Xu Sanshi mother after his father eloped, this hangs to fall became the souvenir. Violent anger senior emperor even must take back it. Her mother actually hangs to fall to hide very well this, said that anything is not willing to hand over. Said that must keep commemorating. Afterward. This hangs to fall after the Xu Sanshi adult ritual, has become his thing. ,,,, Has not thought including Xu Sanshi. One one day can actually use this to hang to fall, he does not hope arrival of this day! But, now at this time, his body. Is flowing the bloodlines of Dou Ling Empire Imperial Family, he is duty-bound! ,!,,,! Xu Sanshi brings back the necklace, wears on own neck. Sinking sound track: "Gets up. Acting according to the special circumstances. Immediately enters the city along with me, draws in the city defense force, maintains in the city the order. Whatever, in Spirit Dou City cannot be chaotic, cannot the deceased person." ,:",,,," "Yes." The general sets out rapidly. In vacant sorrowful look were many several points of confidence, although he does not know that who this prince is, even has never seen. But since Dou Ling Empire also has the Imperial Family bloodlines to exist, that also means hopefully! So long as Spirit Dou City not chaos. Then, all have the leeway of recalling. "",,,!, This general issues the order immediately, is responsible for guarding 2000 officers who to remove 1500 people the city wall, by him personally is led, to follow the Xu Sanshi five people together, directly soars in the city to go. Now, Spirit Dou City too needs to stabilize. ,20001500,,,, Xu Sanshi opened own status, enters in Spirit Dou City to put down a rebellion. , Another side, Huo Yuhao and Tang Wutong also overtook that two Soul Engineer Corp. , , Sees that two Soul Engineer Corp orderly lineups from afar, Huo Yuhao also darkly sighs one, said to Tang Wutong: "Sun-Moon Empire in training and use of Soul Engineer, has truly gone far beyond us. You look at their lineups, their linkage Soul Guidance Device, is more advanced than us. Worthily is Beast King Level Soul Engineer Corp." ,,,:",,," Tang Wutong said: "We now what to do? Perhaps by their present conditions, wants to leave behind them is unlikely. Linkage Soul Guidance Device was really too repugnant." :"?," If no linkage Soul Guidance Device, relies on Imitation Soul Ability and Spiritual Disturbance that domain Huo Yuhao is mysteriously appearing and disappearing, they completely have the ability and other methods to kill these Soul Engineer through the sneak attack completely. ,, However, the linkage defends existence of guard shield, makes this possibility approach in zero infinitely. So long as has been maintaining linkage defense guard shield, Sun-Moon Empire these two Beast King Level Soul Engineer Corp do not fear any sneak attack. But by their equipment of strength and this sneak attack, this is not a too difficult matter. So long as maintained the defense is being OK in certain extent. ,,,, Huo Yuhao slightly makes the thinking, eyes narrows the eyes, sinking sound track: "They think that this can escape us to chase down? I must have a look but actually, is the time that they can defend continually is long, ruthless that we chase down." ,,:"?,," At the same time was saying, on Huo Yuhao Chu Wuhun leads the ring ray to dodge, Soul Guidance Cannon appears in his hands. ,, This Soul Guidance Cannon is not quite big, the caliber be only about 30 millimeters, are all over the body swarthy, sends out gentle Soul Power to fluctuate. ,30,, Huo Yuhao Soul Power pours into, on this Soul Guidance Cannon sends out immediately slightly buzz the whining noise, lifts up on the shoulder, does not need to aim, Huo Yuhao took away the firing button. ,,,, --------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------- The leisure time has been playing our Magic Chef of Ice and Fire tour, I become our Magic Chef of Ice and Fire game, as soon as I get online, everybody biggest pleasure is to gather round chops me......, But also some people shouted loudly, fought three to be short of me honorably......, Can should not be so flagitious. The real men cannot support the person to be many! Having tears streaming down the face. ,,,,,,! The book friends of Android system cell phone, quickly come to play together, in our prestige - platform can download directly. The book friends of apple system also please patiently wait, that side the gizmondo will develop as soon as possible. ,,-, Joins our prestige - platform is very simple, prestige - top right-hand corner plus sign - increases friend - search public number - searches Tang three few, has the authentication is our families. -,----,

 





DD2 - V.#12 - #569 In the life experiences of Xu three stones


One group of dazzling red light erupt instantaneously, has launched the past in the distant place two Soul Engineer Corp directions. , This is most common Bursting Cannon, the effect is also very simple, has the intense explosive force and high fever, thus has the destructive effect. ,,, Huo Yuhao this Bursting Cannon is he does personally, is in itself seven levels of Soul Guidance Device, but the striking power has about five levels of Soul Guidance Device prestige energies. ,, Seven levels and five levels, differ appropriate very big. Since the might has five levels, why Soul Guidance Device itself is actually seven levels? The reason is very simple, Huo Yuhao pursued Absolute in the fields, this aspect, is the firing distance. ,,?,,, The Bursting Cannon striking distance that Huo Yuhao manufactures can be the astonishing ten kilometers, is 10,000 meters. This has been able to compare favorably with part to install Soul Guidance Cannon to shoot surely. When Huo Yuhao makes this seven levels of Soul Guidance Cannon, but also obtained the praise of Xuan Ziwen Teacher. ,10000, Must know that Xuan Ziwen is very harsh, in the ordinary circumstances will not praise own disciple, only if had the special achievement. Huo Yuhao is obtains him to praise most people without doubt, but the total degree as before is also limited. ,,,, Soul Guidance Cannon, is not in the Stationary Soul Guidance Device situation, can actually be so far the launch on attack, this in Soul Engineer historical, is very rare. Even if Xuan Ziwen does, is not necessarily able to do well compared with Huo Yuhao. ,,,,, This Soul Guidance Cannon Huo Yuhao manufactures naturally to have the goal, the goal is very simple, is when necessary carries on to tempt the enemy to use. ,, Decided to install the value of Soul Guidance Cannon ball to be too soaring, was the consumables. But when this Soul Guidance Cannon manufacture also used were more massive much the rare metal, moreover was very rare and precious that type, but can actually the reusable! ,,,! At this time, an artillery sends out, shell in airborne accelerates suddenly, itself presents for the streamline, looks like date stone, directly soars the Sun-Moon Empire two Soul Engineer Corp direction lasings of distant place to go. ,,,,, This shell chest cavity speed is not too fast, but fearful on fearful in its late acceleration, after departing hundred meters, it instantaneously accelerates, the main body has had unexpectedly also a separation, shell's part became the booster strength. Let the other half shell go by more astonishing speed lasing. ,,,,, Must know that this may complete in the energy state! Can want to see, this has the how abnormal situation. ,!, "Bang!" Thunders with one group of red-orange sparks erupts on the Soul Engineer Corp linkage defense guard shield of distant place. "!" Before two Soul Engineer Corp, receives the attack of Huo Yuhao and Tang Wutong, just started, these Soul Engineer that lives have not known that what happened. Afterward Huo Yuhao stuck out suddenly the attack, nearly struck to kill Xia Xuanchen, in addition their own population sharp declines, in this case, they must not know that had anything, that was also too slow. ,,,,,,, Therefore, while maintaining linkage defense attitude flight, in fact these Soul Engineer also became the frightened people. ,, A Soul Guidance Cannon ball explodes on Soul Guidance Protective Cover, the first responses of almost all Soul Engineer, increase to the strongest condition the linkage defense. ,, Not only Evil Tyrant Soul Engineer Corp so, Emperor Dragon Soul Engineer Corp is also so. Two Soul Engineer Corp, two linkage defense guard shields take shape instantaneously, simultaneously linkage Assault Soul Guidance Device also starts the sufficient energy, prepares momentarily attack. The rapidness of response, making one praise to the heavens, moreover all responses that made, was most correct. ,,,,,,, Is expert regiment chief Xu Tianyuan and Xia Xuanchen cannot pick up any slight defect in the response of Soul Engineer Corp absolutely. But, the issue emerged. This issue is simpler and direct, that is, enemy, where? ,,,,? A Soul Guidance Cannon ball launches, they actually cannot discover the trail of enemy. But attack, is such wishy-washy Soul Guidance Cannon ball attack. ,, Bursting Cannon, this gadget Sun-Moon Empire is about to have eliminated, because did not have the characteristics, only then Defensive Soul Guidance Device of some ordinary cities will use. Generally speaking, their this Beast King Level Soul Engineer Corp, have little used Bursting Cannon this type of weapon. More will use destructive power to be stronger, particularly aims at the soul to lead defense guard shield destructive power strong Puncture Cannon and breaking cannon and so on. ,,,,,, From the sky stagnated for nearly five minutes, linkage Defensive Soul Guidance Device throughout maintains in the maximum intensity condition, but, the enemy has not appeared always. ,,, Huo Yuhao is holding the hand of Tang Wutong, another hand takes Bursting Cannon, on the face is revealing one to sneer. Tang Wutong doubts visits him, said: "Are you are doing?" ,,,:"?" Huo Yuhao said: "Brother told them, we came. Let their careful point, vigilant." :"," Tang Wutong is intelligent. Slightly makes the thinking, immediately understood the meaning of Huo Yuhao. "You want them momentarily to maintain in the condition of being frightened by the slightest sound! You were really too bad." ,"!" Huo Yuhao said: "Am I bad? They are not good generations. Yeah, how has not known that side Spirit Dou City. We hope that Third Senior Brother they can help Spirit Dou City stay in a brothel overnight the surface stably. At least the interior first should not be randomly good." :"?," Tang Wutong heavyhearted [say / way]: "This time strategy was really too sinister. If the front Dou Ling Empire elite army knows the situation of rear imperial palace perhaps, will unable to bear clash to look for the Sun-Moon Empire decisive battle from Shrek City. If is really such, they counting of Ju Zi(orange). Ju Zi(orange) really quite fierce." :",," The issue that Huo Yuhao nod of silently, Tang Wutong is worried about is he most is also worried. The Ju Zi(orange) strategy, such keeps you from resisting. ,, "Whatever, we annihilated these two Soul Engineer Corp to say first again. To cope with Sun-Moon Empire, contends directly was impossible. We can do, unceasingly weakens their strengths. They can manufacture massive Soul Guidance Device, but, trains outstanding Soul Engineer truly to require the time. So long as we can weaken their Soul Engineer strength unceasingly, one day, Sun-Moon Empire no longer so will be formidable." ",,,,,,," Free time who they spoke, another side two Soul Engineer Corp also realized to be swindled, started off. They are not do not want to search for Huo Yuhao and Tang Wutong trail, is, Huo Yuhao and Tang Wutong strength is too strong, they do not dare to disperse! Only then maintains the linkage defense guard shield is the safest condition. But, this actually needs to consume their Soul Power continually. ,,,,,!, Before, they have fought in Spirit Dou City. Regardless of Dou Ling Empire took away many elite to walk, Spirit Dou City also after all was the Dou Ling Empire palace wall, there is a considerable degree to guard the strength. Routs these guards, regarding two Beast King Level Soul Engineer Corp, the consumption was not small. ,,,,, Later, they face the attack of Huo Yuhao and Tang Wutong, immediately evacuates. From beginning to end cannot obtain the effective rest. At least must maintain from the sky flies. ,, Soul Engineer Soul Power is limited, even if in Soul Master, few can like Huo Yuhao unceasing restores Soul Power in the fight, the flight at all does not become the burden. ,,, Even if Titled Douluo, when maintains the high-speed flight, the consumption has certainly. Let alone two Soul Engineer Corp most Soul Engineer both were about the four rings strength. ,, They and other series of equipment truly can long time fly by Flight Soul Guidance Device, Sealed Milk Bottle. But this long time, to be how limited. Let alone they must maintain linkage defend. , Therefore, after two Soul Engineer Corp regimental commanders discovered the enemy has not appeared, the complexion got dark immediately, they understand that the enemy must do. ,,, This in the battlefield is one type very simple, but actually absolutely the effective tactic, that is: Harassment. ,,: Through the harassment, making you not have means to accelerate to leave fully, in the meantime, through the harassment, enables the condition that you maintain are frightened by the slightest sound to rest throughout. ,,,, Several top Soul Engineer not anything, but their subordinates are not good. The time grew, their Soul Power will consume completely. Once they are unable to maintain the linkage defends formation the time, then, their ends probably must arrive. ,,,, "Xia brother, are we what to do good?" Xu Tianyuan asked to Xia Xuanchen in a low voice. He was unable to make the subordinates hear, after is not all people can realize predicament that at this time they face. ",?", The Xia Xuanchen complexion is also very ugly, "perhaps Xu brother, this time we have ** was tired. Comes the person is not only powerful, but also the thoughts are meticulous, since he chose has harassed like this, definitely will continue. We can do now, can only save Soul Power as far as possible, as far as possible first is far away from Spirit Dou City. Then must look for the place recuperation." ,",**,,,,," Xu Tianyuan said: "Your meaning is, finds a quite far away place, Soul Engineer Corp protects, does a Soul Engineer Corp recuperation, make the brothers restore Soul Power through this method?" :",,,,?" Xia Xuanchen nodded, said: "Only can so. That two person strengths are very strong, escapes into the space strength. Even if we sets up the trap, is not necessarily able to retain them, will lose seriously. Now we can only keep, as far as possible consumes with them. So long as we can unceasing through restoring to make the brothers have the persistent combat capability. The time grew, believes that they also retreated." ,:",,,,," A Xu Tianyuan fist thump strikes on own palm, complexion pale [say / way]: "Really was too aggrieved. If makes me catch that two fellows, must tear to shreds them." ,:"," Xia Xuanchen smiles bitterly, said: "Xu brother, is patient, brothers look. Now we also can only be so. At least that two people have not dared the storm we. Who lets our is near Spirit Dou City?" ,:",,?" "This. Let everybody accelerate first, we are far away from here some, descends the recuperation." Xu Tianyuan is also generation courageously, after they set the strategy, immediately makes Soul Engineer accelerate again, flies toward the distant place. ",,",,, --- --- The new week, three deliver, requesting earnestly everybody to recommend the vote support! Let us rush to the list! ,,!!

 





DD2 - V.#12 - #569 Under the life experiences of Xu three stones


In this time, is a Bursting Cannon shell flies to shoot to come, hits above Soul Guidance Protective Cover. ,, The condition of frightened person is not a short time can relieve, two Soul Engineer Corp that just accelerated were the subconscious release their linkage defense, increased the power. Moreover moved has also stopped. ,, "In that side, the shell flies from that side. How doesn't the regimental commander make us attack?" Although cannot see Huo Yuhao and Tang Wutong form, direction Soul Engineer that but the shell flies can see! ",?",! Is the Beast King Level Soul Engineer Corp member, they usually are also very proud, was provoked successively twice, these Soul Engineer somewhat were also angry. ,,, "All people maintain calm, Emperor Dragon Soul Engineer Corp can not use the linkage defense guard shield, Evil Tyrant Soul Engineer Corp maintains a guard shield. Do not pay attention to any attack , to continue to fly." ",,," Xia Xuanchen has issued the order calmly, he is very clear, now that hides is sees them who the enemy in hidden place most hopes to be chaotic, sees them to attack. ,,, Once launches the linkage attack, fierce that then, Soul Engineer Soul Power can consume, but in this case, the goal of that person was achieved. But their attacks are impossible to have the effect. Had collided with the two, Xia Xuanchen was very clear that two people the strength strongly. At least is above Transcendent Douluo cultivates is, moreover is not ordinary Transcendent Douluo. If he does not have that mysterious crystal stone, before did not die must delaminate the skin! Let alone, these two people have the strange stealth ability and Space Power control, this makes him have to proceed with caution. If in the two has one person is Limit Douluo, that troublesome was big, once the opposite party erupts, very much has the possibility to wipe out them! ,,,,,,,!,,,,,! Therefore, maintains the defense is necessary, avoids consuming similarly is also necessary. Since the matches do not dare the storm, that means that their strengths do not have the storm assurance. Now everybody competes, is the patience. ,,,, Yes, what compared with is patience. Huo Yuhao also very much has the patience similarly. He initially when carried on the Ultimate Soldier Plan training, including was very important, was the patient competion. ,,, But now, he is also comparing the patience. The patient this gadget, his some are. ,, Mass-criticizes, changes an angle, comes one round again. ,, Ten kilometers distance, absolute safety. The enemy target is so big, but enemy is actually not able to lock them. This is the best target. To hit they, the distance is an issue. Does not need to install the Soul Guidance Cannon ball surely, is not possible. But decides to install the Soul Guidance Cannon ball when launching, the path is so obvious. Even if nine levels installs the Soul Guidance Cannon ball surely, Huo Yuhao and Tang Wutong have enough time to fend. Therefore, their securities do not have any issue. In this case, Huo Yuhao must do, continually harasses, making that two Soul Engineer Corp burdensome. ,,,,,,,,,, He fully was implementing his mentality, the average 1-2 minutes on a launch shell in the past. , At the beginning, two Soul Engineer Corp have not adapted very much, under attack of continuing, some people increased the power of linkage defense unceasingly, the story that but the wolf came everyone knows. The time grew, these Soul Engineer also adapted. That is just ordinary Bursting Cannon. Their these Soul Engineer any person Soul Guidance Device striking power of be stronger than that Bursting Cannon. ,,,,, It is not harasses, does not pay attention to you and that's the end. So long as flies again a distance, can rest. ,, After half double-hour, the harassment of Huo Yuhao is still continuing, but, will not have Emperor Dragon and Evil Tyrant Soul Engineer Corp Soul Engineer will strengthen the power of linkage defense rashly. Especially Emperor Dragon Soul Engineer Corp Soul Engineer, will not release the linkage defense guard shield again. Both sides are maintaining a deadlock condition, but the harassment of Huo Yuhao, as if also lost the effect. ,,,,,, After Huo Yuhao has launched Bursting Cannon, the silver light dodges, in the hand Bursting Cannon takes back quietly, another brand-new Soul Guidance Cannon quietly appeared on his shoulder. This Soul Guidance Cannon with beforehand is different. First is the length. ,,,, This Soul Guidance Cannon length has exceeded three meters unexpectedly, even if carries it at Huo Yuhao this slim figure, appears some are uncoordinated. Then is the style, this Soul Guidance Cannon seems some looks like handle lances, front is the lance front, behind also has the umbrella shape, is similar to the lance point is ordinary, again behind, is the long pole, only then Huo Yuhao shoulders that part on shoulder to be slightly thick. ,,,,,,,,, When Huo Yuhao Soul Power pours into, Soul Guidance Cannon itself sent out the strange luster immediately. dark green! ,! dark green halos have extended from the end forward, the ray condenses finally in the acme. That green ray green profoundness, if carefully looked that will discover, inch allow Chu beyond this Soul Guidance Device acme, in the air presented small black hole unexpectedly. ,,,, This is not that can swallow all black holes, but is the air to shatter trace. , Generally speaking, when the striking power and speed are the certain extent, may the tearing air, has this condition. The space that but at that time, broke will close quickly. But the space that at present this breaks is actually continues maintains, condition that do not close. ,,,,, Tang Wutong is pure Soul Master, she did not understand the Soul Engineer ability, but this, she can also feel the fearfulness of this Soul Guidance Device. ,,, Huo Yuhao this not optional launch, but shoulders it on the shoulder, Spiritual Detection releases, aiming. ,,, Tang Wutong has his Spiritual Sharing, naturally can feel the object who he aims. In that two Soul Engineer Corp, a Emperor Dragon Soul Engineer Corp member who is at internal rest condition. ,, "" In grating fulmination sound, the dark green beam electricity shoots together, the flash before launch, Huo Yuhao loosens the hand of Tang Wutong, before personal appearance like lightning, clashes. At his present speed, fully under the sprint, is only several seconds, stretched across several kilometers, approached the soul of enemy to lead to defend the guard shield. "",,,,,,,, The dark green beam projects, he arrived has been away from Soul Guidance Protective Cover less than three kilometers position. All undergoes the Spiritual Detection precision calculation. , The dark green ray dodges to pass, just like together slender arrow arrow, accurate hit on linkage defense guard shield. ,, That linkage defense guard shield shakes gently, the guard shield surface, braves a azure smoke suddenly. Overall speaking, the guard shield does not have what change, but, in that guard shield hit position, presented an eyelet. ,,,,,, Emperor Dragon Soul Engineer Corp and Evil Tyrant Soul Engineer Corp Soul Engineer saw extremely terrifying one. This, even if they will go on living in the future, will never forget. ,,, Together dark green beam, accurate incomparable falling in a Emperor Dragon Soul Engineer Corp Soul Master body. , This Soul Engineer triggering Soul Guidance Protective Cover first opens, but also disappears in the next flash, body that he disappears. ,,, After that dark green beam hits, the body of this Soul Engineer is only slight trembled, even links a pitiful yell unable to send out, the whole body changes into the innumerable green luminous spots, vanished in the air. ,,,, These green luminous spots flutter, seems containing the strange strength, because outside has Soul Guidance Protective Cover, these luminous spots do not have the means to fly. ,,, The screams resound suddenly, almost all Soul Engineer as if by prior agreement opened their Soul Guidance Protective Cover. , That green ray was really too fearful, although they were Soul Engineer, but has not actually seen so strange one, who can know, that green ray to them also harmful? ,,,,? Huo Yuhao strikes to go well, turns around to walk. Escapes. , Xia Xuanchen and Xu Tianyuan dumbfounded looks at this, their heart is Ba Liang, Ba Liang. Ordinary Soul Engineer did not know that what thing that is, can they not know? ,,? That can pass through the linkage defense guard shield, disappears an internal Emperor Dragon Soul Engineer Corp member instantaneously, is not just formidable nine levels of single body Assault Soul Guidance Device, super breaking cannon? ,,,? Initially, Huo Yuhao once convinced Xuan Ziwen with eight levels of breaking cannon. But the breaking cannon that he currently uses is not eight levels, but is nine levels. ,, breaking cannon any rank, is extremely terrifying existence, once were hit, the possibility of almost not having lived. ,,, The breaking cannon itself biggest special characteristics, can decompose all energies. Any safety mask before it, likely is common that the paper sticks. To prevent the attack of breaking cannon, then, defensive power if certainly over three times of breaking cannon itself striking power are good. ,,,, But nine levels of breaking cannon striking power, even if the safety mask that nine levels of Soul Engineer display fully, does not have the means to prevent. The linkage defense guard shield also needs the extremely high intensity, has the resistance to be possible. ,,, If two Soul Engineer Corp both are the most flourishing condition, has the possibility of resistance actually. But present they, are away from the most flourishing condition actually to differ was really too many. ,, After having been short of more than 200 people, moreover is only 50% people displays the soul to lead to defend the guard shield, they absolutely do not have the opportunity of any preventing! 200,,! A human life, such did not have. But this is also not most fearful. What is most fearful is two Soul Engineer Corp Soul Engineer in the heart has the intense fear that at this time. , "Everybody don't be upset , to continue maintains the linkage defense guard shield. A moment ago that was nine levels of breaking cannon. Is impossible the sustained attack. Even if nine levels of Soul Engineer, a day also can only start one time." Xia Xuanchen is almost shouting to clear the way without hesitation. ",," Although breaking cannon cannot the long-term usage, but must say that a day can only launch one time, that also talked nonsensically and irresponsibly. But at this time he actually has saying that otherwise, the morale of troops is immediately chaotic. ,,,, Xu Tianyuan looked at Xia Xuanchen one, has not prevented him, but the complexion became uglier. ,, Not only the enemies Transcendent Douluo, is nine levels of Soul Engineer, this is they have not thought. ,, Before that distant transmission Bursting Cannon, but could also be said as ordinary Soul Guidance Device, any Soul Master can use. But, these nine levels of breaking cannon, have besides Sun-Moon Empire, they had not heard belongs to the Douluo Continent three countries also has Soul Guidance Device of this rank! ,,,,,! Three, asked the recommendation ticket. ,

 





DD2 - V.#12 - #570 The plan changes


Nine levels of breaking cannon soaring of value, even if on them not such equipment. , Moreover, what this enemy is more fearful, their bodies are carrying various Surveying Soul Guidance Device are completely invalid to him. ,, When nine levels of breaking cannon launch, two nine levels of Soul Engineer immediately opened on them the strongest detectability. Nine levels of breaking cannon can only in three kilometers range effective. But, they actually as before cannot find the exact location of that person. As the matter stands, they can only come under attack passively. Won't the heart have the shadow? ,,,? Xu Tianyuan somewhat flustered finally. Returns to Sun-Moon Empire from here, is in original Sky Soul Empire, at the entire Soul Engineer Corp speed, at least needs to fly about four double-hour, but must avoid impediment that Dou Ling Empire may present as far as possible. ,,,, In four double-hour, this inexplicable match, if has been pursuing them, that will bring the how huge damage? Moreover, to two Soul Engineer Corp conditions, unable to insist at present four double-hour were so long. Then must getting down recuperation. ,,?,, To be what to do good? ? Xu Tianyuan clenches teeth, passes on the tone channel to Xia Xuanchen: "Must make everybody rest, now morale of troops chaos, if comes time breaking cannon again, and person who has killed successfully our, troubled." ,:",,,," Xia Xuanchen looks to him, said: "Xu brother, we what to do?" ,:",?" Xu Tianyuan said: "This gets down, is replaced you to be responsible for defending by my Emperor Dragon Soul Engineer Corp, makes nearer, next to recuperation that everybody gathers. As the matter stands, the linkage defends the density of guard shield to increase. breaking cannon wanted to break through is not easy. In airborne does not have the means distance to be so near, fears the collision. But in ground actually. First made everybody restore the energy to say again. We also try to find the solution." :",,,,," "Only can so." Xia Xuanchen cannot find out better means. "" They issue the order immediately, Evil Tyrant and Emperor Dragon two big Soul Engineer Corp surplus members, fell toward the ground. ,, They have chosen in woods the recuperation. Swept piece of trees by Soul Guidance Device, remained to vacate. Emperor Dragon Soul Engineer Corp outside, Evil Tyrant Soul Engineer Corp. Has exchanged the defense. ,, Meanwhile, is relying on the quite crowded lineup, defended the intensity of guard shield also to promote the linkage. ,, Xia Xuanchen, Xu Tianyuan as well as several assistant regimental commanders gather, each other looks at each other in blank diamay, complexion ugly must die. ,, They may be the Hand of the National Protector members, even if in Sun-Moon Empire, that is also the status is quite lofty. Even if Xu Tianran sees them, is polite. Especially Xu Tianyuan, itself also has the title of crown prince. ,,,, However, this time they have actually met ** bothersome. This hid the enemy in hidden place is really too hard to deal with. Could not find the match, is most troublesome. Where does not know the enemy, are their battle efficiencies strong and useful? Only can be comes under attack passively. ,**,,? "Cannot continue such to get down, this, we will be nibbled by him again sooner or later gradually cleanly. Once our people die are too many, has the possibility of mutiny." Xia Xuanchen thump maliciously has struck the ground, splashes dust. ",,,", Xu Tianyuan nod of silently, "must think the means to direct these two people, then to get rid of they. We go back also to have long distance, moreover, even if enters in original Sky Soul Empire, must be able to converge with the army to the Shrek City that side flight. The time was too long. This way, perhaps few individuals can live going back." ,",,,,," Several assistant regimental commanders nodded, appearance that only follows the lead. , "Xia brother, your brain is easy-to-use, you try to find a solution. Even if took a danger unable to attend." The Xu Tianyuan sinking sound said. ",," Xia Xuanchen nodded, said: "Has a plan for the present, we only then think means to tempt them, then whole-heartedly launches the attack. I look at this. The strengths of these two people are very strong, they at least are Transcendent Douluo cultivate are, a possibility is nine levels of Soul Engineer, or has nine levels of Soul Engineer manufactures breaking cannon. To discover them, must break their stealths first." ,:",,,,,," "Before we have attempted, fluctuation Surveying Soul Guidance Device and heat energy Surveying Soul Guidance Device are invalid to them. The mind Surveying Soul Guidance Device range is too small, does not have the means to search to observe. That can only use stupid means. We first tempt them to attack, then uses the way of rug attack, discovers their exact locations. They want to escape into the space, by at first that observation, requires the time. So long as we are ready, concentrates several people of strengths to start strikes fully, when the time comes, they do not die must receive heavy wound. So long as heavy wound they, making them not dare to pursue, our goals were also achieved." ",,,,,,,,,,," Xu Tianyuan eye one bright, nodded, said: "Good, does. Let everybody restore first. Later this, making the brothers to cover the attack, I lead four assistant regimental commanders to compose a small linkage attack, by our five people with joint forces, the striking power enough, has aimed at the two one of them. Xia the brother, you direct brothers. Including my Emperor Dragon Soul Engineer Corp, gives you to direct temporarily. So long as they dare to approach, I do not believe them also to be able the whole body to draw back." ,,:",,,,,,,,," Looks on the Xu Tianran face ferocious look, Xia Xuanchen serious nod, said: "Since Xu brother felt relieved, that by me. We work as one to get rid of this trusted friend big trouble. Also good to go back to report on accomplishments earlier. Spirit Dou City was broken, Dou Ling Empire internal inevitable chaos. That side the front, according to the plan of marshal , will possibly have the change, needs our strengths." ,,:",,,,," "Um." On the Xu Tianyuan mouth complies with one, but the eyeground is actually revealing the look of showing neither approval nor disapproval. Regarding Ju Zi(orange), he looks like to Xu Tianran is the same, does not have any favorable impression. But he also has to acknowledge that this War-God Empress ability was really too strong. Their these merits are expensive as well as the big shots of military have to obey her order, even cannot discover to oppose that she works as the reason of marshal. Now, empire praise in people's to this War-God Empress arrived at Absolute. In certain aspects, the Ju Zi(orange) prestige also has even surpassed Xu Tianran. Especially after Sky Soul Empire throughout was broken through, is so. "",,,,,,,, Xia Xuanchen has arranged, Xu Tianyuan leads other four assistant regimental commanders is also being sits cross-legged to sit, starts to rest. Emperor Dragon Soul Engineer Corp Soul Engineer do not dare to neglect, total involvement is displaying the linkage defense guard shield, is protecting all people. ,,,, Huo Yuhao and Tang Wutong in not far away upper air, all of bird's eye view tread. , "Your that struck should frightens them, you looked that they can only fall in the ground now. Maintains the close lineup, will make the linkage defense guard shield more tenacious?" Tang Wutong spoke to Huo Yuhao. ",,,?" Huo Yuhao nodded, said: "Meeting. To their lineups, breaking cannon should be able to break through at present, but after the breakthrough, was very difficult sufficiently the striking power of murder. These two Soul Engineer Corp compared with hard to deal with that I imagine. However, I can guess correctly that they then must do." ,:",,,," "?" Ju Zi(orange) curious looks at Huo Yuhao. "?" Huo Yuhao said: "breaking cannon although now cannot cope with them, so long as they started not to have the means. Flies in the sky, Flight Soul Guidance Device wants ** Soul Power, this makes among Soul Engineer probably maintain certain distance. Distances between 12 individuals are not anything, but their several hundred people, must open the linkage defense guard shield. At that time, they could not block my breaking cannon to attack. Once death person were many, may present the civil strife. Because no one knows the goal of my next attack is anything. Therefore, if I am their commander, wants to bring own subordinate whole body to draw back, but was not defeated by me one by one. Then, then they must do, tempts to attack us, then thinks means to get rid of we." :",,**,12,,,,,,,,,," Tang Wutong said with a smile: "That was simple. How whatever they tempt, we do not exit and that's the end. I do not believe that they can also we be what kind. So long as after we they start again begins, they are powerful have not located to cause." :",,," Huo Yuhao actually shook the head, in eye cold light twinkle, "they, since wants the feint to give me, why we don't want? Not only wants, but, this time I must make them thoroughly desperate. Walks, we arrange." ,,",?,,," At the same time was saying, he holds the hand of Tang Wutong to turn around to walk, flies toward the distant place. ,, Emperor Dragon Soul Engineer Corp is protecting, Evil Tyrant Soul Engineer Corp Soul Master through the meditate rest. Here had certain distance from Spirit Dou City that side, moreover that side Spirit Dou City is very chaotic, is at least impossible to have the pursuing troops to come in a short time. ,,, Quick, a double-hour passed by, Evil Tyrant Soul Engineer Corp Soul Engineer basically restored Soul Power. As for the milk bottle, that without enough time supplemented. ,,, Changes players, changes into the Emperor Dragon Soul Engineer Corp rest, the Evil Tyrant Soul Engineer Corp foreign defense. ,, The Xia Xuanchen unification directs two Soul Engineer Corp, methodical that all carry on, but Xu Tianyuan leads four assistant regimental commanders to sit there meditate, was concerned with regarding all of outside. ,,, Huo Yuhao and Tang Wutong already returned airborne, looks at the following situation, he also frowned. The enemies compared with hard to deal with that he imagines, only this calm, was very surprising. ,,,, "Evil Tyrant Soul Engineer Corp Soul Engineer Soul Power basically restored, trades the Emperor Dragon Soul Engineer Corp restoration. Regardless of then must lure us to attack or continue to depart, they must restore to the optimum condition first. This is must compare patience with us!" Huo Yuhao said to Tang Wutong. ",,!" Tang Wutong pulls his arm, said with a smile indifferently: "They are not anxious, our anxious anything, waits and that's the end." ,:",," In the Huo Yuhao heart moves suddenly, "Wutong, since they have given our enough time, I suddenly have another idea. Wipes out these two Soul Engineer Corp, perhaps is not the most ideal effect." ,",,," "Um?" Tang Wutong surprised looks to him. "?"

 
