

Like Kouki said, a big tree grew rapidly from the carbonized ground while rumbling the earth.The Trent grew in no time. Exactly how a “Regeneration” would feel like.



Kouki and the others took a stance, however the regenerated Trent showed no signs of attacking. After standing for a while it started to make a cave. The trunk tears open, the left and right side crack and an open space in the middle is created.



[I thought it was a middle-boss, but it was also the door which goes to the next stage.]



Hajime advanced towards the cave without nodding or hesitating as he was convinced. Yue and the others follow him. Kouki and the others who assumed a stance, followed him in a hurry.



The inside of the cave was without any special characteristics. However, after everybody entered it, the entrance in the cave shut them in and their feet began to shine at the same time.



[Another teleportation…..]



It was the same magic as the one at the entrance of the great Tree. Hajime strongly drew the Goblin (Yue) and the Goblin (Tio) towards him while muttering.



Because those two can’t fight right now, even a trivial thing would be fatal. He wants to do something, even if it’s a trifle thing. After coming this far, it’s impossible to lose these two.



[…..Hajime.]



[Ma, Master…. Uu, this one is troubled by your gentleness.]



Were Hajime’s worries transmitted to them? It looked more like the two goblins were really happy, rather than being scared of the transportation. Tio showed a very uncommon embarrassed (dere) side.



Shia and Kaori jumped towards Hajime with the words [Ah, me too~] and wanted to hug him……..



However, the attempt was one step too slow. As for Hajime’s view, the scene where two people stretched out a hand was painted out with enormous light at the end.





Chapter 127




Chrip, Chirp, Chirp



The singing of birds and sunlight invading in the space of the curtain informs that morning has come. Responding to the sound, the master of the room covers his head in his futon (TL: Japanese bed) and it turns into an impregnable fortress.



And in the next moment a click resounds plainly and the devil raised a roar. (TL: Alarm clock = devil. I understand, same for me~ Die alarm clocks. Every one of them should be killed by a hero.)



Jiriririririri !! (TL: Strange alarm. Well…. Could be worse…..)



A noise destroys the silence of the morning in the room [Wake up, boke!]



[Uuu……]



The master of the room tries to protect himself from the devil in his fortress, but it’s impossible to do that forever. He extended his arm from the futon and in an instant “Banban”! The palm looks for the devil and hits it.



The head of the devil is caught at the third time by the arm because of the experience of the devil subjugation for 10 years and he succeeded in silencing the screaming.



However, the act that has continued on countless occasions wasn’t hard work at all. The arm of the master of the room dropped in exhaustion and was withdrawn straight into the fortress again. And he stopped moving after that.



Immediately after that,



[Hajime~ Wake uuuuup!! Don’t go back to sleep ! Wake up already~!]



A familiar voice is heard from downstairs ?? The voice of a mother is demanding to wake up. The master of the room, Hajime, has certainly heard the voice in his half consciousness. [Resistance to the bitter end!] The defence of the fortress is gets even stronger after saying that.



[No good after all~. Mou, now really, every morning. Sorry~ Can i count on you again?]



[??] (TL: Really. They were that way. I only changed the brackets. Don’t look at me that way. I’ll get aroused.)



The voice of the mother is heard again from downstairs. It reached Hajime’s ears because it was spoken loud on purpose so that Hajime hears it even if it was on the other side of the door.



Not thinking of the voice of the mother which has given up, already knowing who she’s talking with and what will happen, Hajime still had no intention to get up obediently.



After all, every morning is a happy morning for Hajime……



A “konkon”-knocking sound echoes.



However, because there is no reaction, the person understood the reason for it and opened the door immediately. The person calls out to the dumpling gently while getting closer to the bed with small steps.



[…….. Wake up, Hajime.]



[……]



Still, no reaction. A little more, he wants to hear voice more till he fully awakes.



[………Hajime, wake up. If you don’t wake up……]



[……..]



She gently uses her hand shaking him. A small hand can be seen over the futon and Hajime’s cheeks begin to soften.



[….I’ll attack you. Sexually.]



[Un, I’ll wake up, so will you stop saying such a vivid thing in the morning?]



He wakes up immediately after feeling chills down his spine! And the futon was pushed aside. (TL: I don’t really understand why the author used an “!” here. I let it inside, but it feels strange.)



[Morning, Yue.]



[……N. Morning, Hajime.]



Hajime smiled for a while with his dear lover and savored the first happiness of the day.



Hajime is walking to school while suppressing a yawn. Yue is besides him and looks upwards towards him. Such a gesture can only be called cute….. Hajime is looking at Yue while they are going besides each other and is busy restraining himself.



Yue is wearing a blazer from Hajimes school. Her short skirt is fluttering gently while she goes backwards, turns her head towards Hajime and speaks to him.



[……..Again, staying up late?]



[Un, I was doing the work father asked me to. It was morning before i noticed.]



[………It’s good to be enthusiastic, but take care of yourself. Please don’t overwork yourself.]



[Un, I’ll be careful.]



Hajime and Yue are having a gentle conversation. They create a sweet atmosphere between them. A long time passed since Yue became Hajimes lover, however, the passion between them has not declined at all. For Yue to be near Hajime, the homestay was forced into Hajimes house and the transfer procedure to his school was finished very quickly.



Suddenly, the pretty girl with blonde hair became Hajime’s lover and it became a fuss at the beginning. After all, Hajime is a genuine Otaku that spends most of his time helping his father who manages a game company. It’s unimaginable why Hajime got such a beautiful lover.



His mother doubted it and panicked because she thought it was because of hypnotism and his father thought he had the ability to make delusions real. Even at school, after it was revealed that Yue was Hajime’s lover, it became the hottest topic of the whole school.



Afterwards, it is needless to say that the boys were envious of Hajime. Yue is like Yue is, she was waging war with several girls for some reason. (TL: Wait what? Why?)



Such things continued for several months. It stopped only recently and their school life calmed down. Thus, because they overcame the storm, they can now leisurely stroll to school together.



Hajime, while looking at Yue and her blonde hair which reflects the light and shines brightly, tried to recall how they have met.



By chance, he helped Yue who was caught by some thugs and in a desperate fight he somehow manage to defeat one and rescued her. His face becomes hot when he recalls that she kissed his neck as gratitude towards him. After that they became lovers very fast. (TL: Author used “rapidly”, but that sounds somewhat strange.)



(However, even thought i am an Otaku i managed to beat them. Humans can somehow manage it when they are desperate.)



Hajime smiles involuntarily, remembers his act of rashness, but somehow feels uneasy.



(……Huh? Where did i meat Yue again? Why was I at such a place? Huh?)



It’s obvious that Yue is a foreigner and became a homestay student. That means he should have met her in a foreign country. Hajime himself remembers that he met Yue in a foreign country.



However, where was that actually? He wasn’t sure and his thoughts were hazy. As soon as he noticed that, those doubts came battered like being spilled from a bookshelf in his memory. The uneasiness and doubts swelled up in Hajime one after another.



[….Hajime!]



[Uwa, what happened? Why did you shout out so suddenly. You surprised me.]



Yue normally never talks in such a loud voice while commuting to school. Hajime’s hearth almost jumped and he came back to reality from his whirlpool of thoughts.



After that, Hajime looks at Yue who has a somewhat sulky expression.



[…..Because you ignored me many times when i called you.]



[What? Really? Sorry! I was thinking for a moment…….]



Yue turns around suddenly in a bad mood. She was sulking and Hajime’s eyebrows turned into the letter of eight. (TL: “? ” ) At that time, Hajime’s doubts disappeared completely.



Yue shows a mischievous smile and Hajime repeatedly apologizes. She did not sulk at all, she only wanted Hajime to care about her. She was happy that her plan succeeded.



To such a Yue, Hajime lowers his eyebrows to the character of eight again [Can’t do anything about this girlfriend] and he wears a troubled look on his face with a smile. However, he wasn’t really troubled like his expression looked like. He was rather happy.



While doing a brilliant turn towards Hajime again, Yue lines up next to Hajime and says something with a small voice.



[…….Doze off. In happiness. Look only at me.]



That voice did not reach Hajime. While Hajime looked at Yue who snuggled up to him, his eyes gently softened.



When Hajime arrived at the school and was changing his shoes at the shoe cabinet, a soft impact is transmitted to his back. It was certain that someone bumped into him and it was a happy feeling for any man. (TL: Come on! Oppai attack! The attack was very effective!)



[Hajime-san~! Yue-san~! Good morning! ]



[n……. Good morning, Shia.]



[Uwa, Shia-san ! Let me go! I always tell you to stop hugging me when you greet me.] (TL: Wtf Hajime? Shia-san? Is your head alright? I guess not….)



[To take away my happiness….. This is cruel! At this point you should take responsibility and marry me!]



[You skipped some steps! Anyway, let go! Highlight is disappearing from Yue’s pupils. She stares without blinking!] (TL: Author has written “highlight” so I left it. This does sound strange in english. Think of her eyes looking dead or something.)



As for Hajime, he tries to tear of Shia from his back while not being too happy about the feeling on his back.



Shia is also a foreigner like Yue and came to japan to study abroad. Also by chance, he helped her and her family who were attacked by a thug and she repeats to show gratitude with repeating extreme physical contact.



The trademark headband (······) she’s wearing is shining in a blue color in addition to her white hair and her innocent smile she is popular regardless of gender and she also has a fan club.



Honestly, I am happy that such a girl is showing me goodwill, even though i am confused. It isn’t so that i don’t think of what would have happened if i had not met Yue earlier than her.



However, there is no meaning in thinking about such IFs. With Yue as the best lover, Shia’s aggressiveness is becoming a headache for Hajime.



Though Shia’s goodwill which she turn to Hajime with her excessive physical contact makes Yue have a bad mood, they get along well and they may be called best friends.



That way, they aren’t able to be unkind to each other, and somehow they are stuck in a dilemma. Even though Yue wants to monopolize Hajime, she shows no signs to ditch Shia, her best friend. To Hajime is their relationship mysterious.



(Good grief, saving two girls from delinquents and receiving their goodwill. Which Gal-game is this? Moreover, a harem-route to be OK is realistically impossible. …… What? Come to think of it, was Shia always wearing such a headband? Somehow, more, like, a different feeling…….)



While Hajime watched Shia’s headband and searching his memory, suddenly both his arm were wrapped in a happy feeling.



While pressing such heinous fruits (deadly weapons) against Hajime while talking, they pulled him towards the classroom. (TL: No joke intended. He really has written “brutal/fiendish/heinous/evil fruits”????? )



[Why do you make such a difficult face in the morning? If we don’t go to class soon the first bell will ring.]



[n….The teacher will scold us.]



Warm sunlight is entering from the window and raises the temperature gradually, however because of two people it becomes midwinter in the blink of an eye.



Hajime is paying attention to not spend too much time with those two at school. From the mouths of those two the words “classroom”, “first bell” and “teacher” escaped. So he had no choice and felt a discomfort in his chest.



When he entered the classroom, in that moment, the looks of envy and jealousy were emitted from the men and stick all to Hajime. Because of Yue’s and Shia’s aid he doesn’t get chased directly, their piercing gazes still hurt……..



(N? What is it? How to call this….. nostalgic? Huh, why, Why do i feel that way?)



Hajime couldn’t understand his own feeling and sat down on his seat while twisting his neck and being even more confused.



Immediatly after that, one girl from the class approaches Hajime.



[Hajime-kun, Good Morning. You came at the last-minute today. You should come earlier.]



[……]



The girl — Shirasaki Kaori — who greeted him is not inferior to Yue or Shia even if you compare them. She was the School Madonna before Yue and Shia came. Also, she is also a girl who favors Hajime for some reason.



She has called out to Hajime often already before, but he did not think it was because she had courtesy for him. However, because Yue named herself as Hajimes lover, Kaori started to make her goodwill shown towards Hajime as she knew she had feelings for him. Because of that it was impossible to run away from misunderstandings.



Kaori came closer to Hajime with “patapata” steps which sounded happy and Hajime showed a troubled smile……This time however, because Hajime was caught in his thoughts he didn’t answer Kaori.



(That line…..somewhere….Damn it, What is it? Why did i think of that as “nostalgic”? Though it is the usual…. Today is somewhat strange.)



[Hajime-kun…. Why do you ignore me? Well… Have I made you angry somehow?]



When hearing the trembling voice, Hajime looks up and sees Kaori with a tearful expression. Hajime noticed that he had been ignoring Kaori’s greeting and answered in a hurry.



[No, sorry. That’s not it. I was thinking for a moment. I’m really sorry. Morning, Shirasaki-san.]



[Oh, i’m glad~ . Un, Morning Hajime-kun. And don’t i always tell you i want you to call me “Kaori”?]



Kaori puffs out her cheecks and shows her dissatisfaction. Because of such a lovely gesture, all the young men that looked at Hajime were almost all shot. (TL: Cuteness overload.)



[No, Shirasaki-san. That’s a bit….]



[It’s Kaori. Call me that?]



[No, that’s…..]



[Ka-o-ri!]



[That, err, Ka, Kao…..]



Muu! Hajime is overwhelmed by Kaori as she wants him to call her by her given name. And when he was almost persuaded to do so,



[…….Don’t trouble Hajime.]



The savior appeared. It was Yue.



Yue protected Hajime and cut in between Hajime and Kaori with an imposed stance.



[Muu, you came out, Yue. For the time being, Morning.]



[…..n, for now, Morning. Kaori.]



While Yue and Kaori greet each other, an icy enviroment between them is created. They officially recognize each other as rivals in school.



Warm sunlight enters from the window and it becomes warmer, however between those two, it becomes midwinter suddenly. “Cold War” ?? The battle over Hajime between Yue and Kaori is known not only by the students, but also by the teachers.



Though those two stare at each other for a while, there is no malicious feeling there. In spite of the war of love between them, those two, in a dignified manner, collide with each other openly.



For Hajime it wasn’t too strange, rather than rivals, they were like close friends which did not hate each other, but had a quarrel like friends.



Meanwhile the bell rang, and the head teacher entered the classroom. Yue and Kaori who had been exchanging glances returned to their seats quickly.



In the first period was the english class from Tio-sensei. A beauty that for some reason likes Hajime. She is an erotic female teacher that always without exception sexually harasses Hajime………



Immediately make some disciplinary dismissals! While thinking that, he glares at her while neglecting the harassment and she stops immediately her sexual harassment. For some reason, she tries to hide her expression which is red and her shoulders shake…….. Hajime got depressed because he thought she was scared of his face. (TL: Tio stays Tio, wherever she is….)



After school, Hajime and Yue were walking besides each other towards a certain place. Shia, Kaori and for some reason Tio-sensei wanted to come with them, but Yue cut them down with a single strike of a sword. (Of course, only in a mental meaning.) Because they were temporarily immobilized, only those two were able to go.



The place at which they arrived at while enjoying an innocent conversation was a kindergarten.



At that place, Myuu, the daughter of Remia which was mothers friend (TL: Speaks of Hajime’s mother probably) was there and they came for her because Remia was busy. And this picking-up, until Remia comes back, became the daily life of Hajime’s family which continues since long ago.



[Aa Pa…… Onii-chan! Yue-neechan!] (TL: She almost said almost “papa”. I want to take her home. Onii-chan = brother, Neechan = sister, most will know. Just in case)



Hajime and Yue went through the front gate of the of the kindergarten and Myuu came running to them with small steps. She was smiling with her whole face. Unconsciously, Hajime and Yue had a warm and fluffy feeling. The two catch Myuu which rushed to them and embraced her with a “gyu”.



[Myuu, it’s no good to dive/jump into us. It’s dangerous you know? Also, did you just try to call me “Papa”? Really, don’t do that.]



[……..I wouldn’t mind being called “Mama”.]



Hajime almost break out in cold sweat because of how Myuu wanted to call him.



Myuu called Hajime “Papa” before and it became a hassle as other parents also were there. Remia was a widow, Myuu didn’t know her father and they thought that the gentle older man, Hajime, was her father.



However, calling Hajime, an active high school student, “Papa”……… Naturally, some rumors were spread.



Moreover, Yue is also a foreigner the same as Myuu is. It should be understood what the other parents were imagining. Namely, they thought she got pregnant somewhere between primary school and middle school!



When Yue heard about the misunderstanding, the misunderstanding escalated further as she only blushed without denying it. Yue imagined making a child with Hajime, but the timing for that was just too bad.



In one way or another, the teachers of the kindergarten solved the misunderstandings. On a later date, Remia has written a letter so that the misunderstanding doesn’t spread further so that it disappears from Hajime’s town. Honestly, he almost was breaking out in cold sweat.



Moreover Remia is a widow and it was possible he would aim for her next time? A lady-killer with a docile face! And most turned cautious eyes towards him. Recently, he has given up on that already. Still, more or less, he doesn’t let her call him papa.



They walk with Myuu between them while holding hands home. From time to time, they swing Myuu forth and back like on a swing while chatting. If you look from the side, it completely looks like a family.



[……..Myuu, what were you doing today?]



[Ehm, today…….] (TL: E to ne, kyou wa…… KAWAI, damn it! Yes, I like Myuu. Problems with that? Long live cute things!)



Myuu answers Yue what she was doing today. While seeing such a Myuu, Yue looks at her very gently. It is full of love and warmth overflows. Somehow, Hajime has been fascinated by such a divine Yue.



It takes a while till a ill-humored voice reaches Hajime.



[Mou, pap—- Onii-chan! Do you hear what Myuu is talking about?]



[Eh? Aah, sorry, sorry. I was spacing out for a bit.]



Hajime smiles with a wry smile while apologizing to Myuu which is angry and lifts her arm. And to please her, Hajime starts to cuddle with her.



Though Myuu restores her mood very fast as she was held, she doesn’t want to let go and tries very hard to still pretend to be angry at him. It was obvious for Hajime, but he pretended not to notice it and Hajime was still soothing Myuu.



At that time, a faint quarrel finally reached their ears. A woman’s voice and of some men. Judging by the voice, the female seems to be in a pinch. Hajime and Yue look at each other and peek into the alley where the voice was heard.



[What a template is this….] (TL: Probably meant stereotype, but has written template.)



[…….Enemy of women, won’t be forgiven.]



Like you can imagine it, some men were trying to forcefully pick-up a girl.



Hajime twisted his head while holding Myuu and thinking what to do. The enemy’s strength wasn’t very big. Judging from their postures, they only seemed like small punks. It wouldn’t be a big deal, even if they were armed.



Their potential was analyzed (·········) and Yue on his side plunged forward to the punks.



They have turned towards Yue as they have realized that she approaches them and were momentarily stunned by her pretty face and were smiling, however immediately they smiles became vulgar. Their eyes were seeing new prey.



Because of their glances, Hajime got angry. However, before he was able to able to something, Yue got in between the pick-up guys in a moment. In addition, in only a moment, their joints made a “bekibaki” (breaking) sound and Yue got control of them immediately.



Believe it or not, the guys were beaten up without a chance to speak. They fell on the ground while screaming in pain after getting hit.



Yue didn’t show any mercy and the girl’s face became stiff and Yue went back to Hajime immediately. And they began walking home again. Not even three minutes had passed after the commotion. A short-term battle, that reminded of a certain space hero. (TL: Don’t know the reference.)



[Yue-neechan is strong~! How coool~!]



[….N, Myuu will be trained when you grow up.]



Myuu’s future is a bit worrisome. Myuu praises Yue, however Hajime feels irritated as he wasn’t able to do anything as a man. Even with his troubled look, he fell in love again with his lover.



(Huh? Was Yue so strong in close combat? Moreover, why was I able to analyze their strength……..)



While holding Myuu with his right hand, Hajime unconsciously puts his other hand to his thigh. And there, his hand is searching for something. However, that “Something” is not there and he feels some kind of discomfort.



At night.



After dinner and taking a bath, Hajime threw himself onto his bed. His hair was not dry yet, and he had begun brooding over something.



He had a strange feeling. It should be his unchanging daily life……but his instincts say something like [This is wrong!] and his happy daylie life got denied. [Wake up!] it said.



Hajime scratched his head while being irritated.



At that time, knocking-sounds unexpectedly sounds.



[……..Hajime?]



[Aa, yeah I’m here.]



Yue opened the door and entered the room.



In a negligee. White sexy arms and feet were shown. Yue came closer to Hajime and noticed that he had wet hair and scolded him! While having a scolding gaze, she arrived at his bed.



In addition, she began to dry off Hajime’s hair while he was lying on the bed.



[N……It’s dry now. It’s bad to leave it wet. You’ll catch a cold.]



[You are right, Thank you, Yue.]



[Nn.]



Hajime was thanking her and Yue hugged him from behind.



And she buries her face in Hajime’s neck like a spoiled child. Both of her arms invade Hajime’s clothes from the back and start to caress Hajime’s chest. After Remia picks up Myuu, Yue becomes a spoiled child.



As long as Myuu is there, they can’t be spend much time as lovers, so some fault lies in that. When there are holidays, Yue is sulking pretty much as he cares for Myuu too much. It’s inevitable to some degree, however her desire to monopolize him is strong.



(She is stronger than any thugs, full of love and kindness, she loves me and is the best girlfriend there is. …..I am satisfied with this everyday life. I should feel blessed. Yet…. Why am i dissatisfied) What is wrong? Why is there a “moyamoya”-feeling in my chest?)



While feeling the softness and the temperature of Yue’s body, Hajime tries to ignore the uneasiness which swells up. To such a Hajime Yue whispers something to his ears.



[…..Everything is fine. Do not worry. I’ll make Hajime happy.]



[Yue……]



[…….Look only at me. Everything is fine, i am here. Hajime’s ideal. Forever at your side.]



[……..]



While melting in such a sweet whispering, Hajimes consciousness began to fade. At this rate, how sweet would it be to sleep while being spoiled by Yue.



(That’s right. Yue is here. There isn’t anything more important. …There shouldn’t be. I don’t need anything else. Even if i would need to throw everything away…… My ideal lover is besides me. Only that……)



His consciousness is breaking off. Losing strength in his body, without change his self is being comfortable soaked in warm feelings.



Then, while all his dissatisfaction are on the verge of disappearing,



??I defend Yue, Yue defends me. With that we are the strongest. We’ll defeat everything and overcome the world. (TL: He starts speaking here with “Ore” again.)



Suddenly, strange words appear in his mind. Hajime consciousness surfaces rapidly and he opens his eyes wide.



??Aa~, If you like, Yue can come too?



His voices echoes again. It was the promise of taking Yue back to his home.



Afterwards Yue smiled. They go back to his home together. While he said that she had smiled like a blooming flower. She was happy from the bottom of her hearth.



If you think of it, when Hajime saw that for the first time, he was probably done in.



Also, the oath was set on the day of departure after passing life or death situations and stepping into the world. They vow to protect each other, defeat everything that stands in their way and go to Hajime’s hometown together.



His instincts tell him that. Immediately before he his consciousness fades he remembers the important oath embraces himself and “Something about seeing Yue” and stands up.



(…..Ideal Lover? Sweet, gentle world? I’m stupid (···)! )



Hajime covered his eyes and gritted his teeth to the very limit. If he did not do so, he wouldn’t be able to forgive himself. (TL: He would start crying.)



(…..I forgot the promise. Was almost blinded by this world. I’m disgusted about myself.)



Hajime hit his cheek with his full strength for punishment. Though Yue is surprised by the sudden action of Hajime and extents her hand,



Bashi!



It was deflected by Hajime’s hand.



Yue wraps her hand with her other hand with a sad expression. With the expression, which was probably produced in the great labyrinth, Hajime [….Don’t kid with me] spat out an abuse.



[……Hajime, what’s wrong?]



Yue’s question was disregarded and Hajime turned a sharp glance towards Yue like he was another person.



[Well, Yue. Yue is important for me. I don’t need anything besides her.]



[…..Hajime, I am happy.]



Though Yue is confused by Hajime’s sudden words, her expression softens up immediately. However, contrary to the words, Hajime’s gaze remains sharp.



[That why, If I tell you to cut down or cast away someone else, will you do it?]



[If Hajime really wishes for that.]



Yue nods to Hajimes words without hesitation.



[Even if it were Shia, Kaori, Tio or even Myuu?]



[If Hajime wishes for that.]



Almost like embodying Hajime’s ideal Yue and carrying out all of Hajimes wishes. To such a girlfriend, rather than being happy about it, he shows an irritated expression. He mutters in a small voice [I was drawn in by that, impossible…..]



And, with a sharp glance he spits out words.



[Is that so…..I understand, bastard.]



In the moment when he declared Yue as an imitation, Hajime’s appearance changed. From the appearance of a japanese with black hair, to a boy with gray hair and an eyepatch.



[Crap. I really fell into the trap just like that…..That’s why you shouldn’t be careless in a great labyrinth……Better said, the one who created Haltina is one of a fella.] (TL: Just checked, “Haltina” should be read “Harz”-ina (Harutsuina) which means “amber”, but i’ll leave it Haltina as it was used in earlier chapers)



Yue walks up to the cursing Hajime. And she reaches out to Hajime with a clinging expression.



[…..Stay here? If Hajime stays here he will be happy.]



[Shut up, fake. Don’t call my name so familiarly.]



[…..Why? I’m Yue. Hajime’s lover. Ideal lover. With what are you dissatisfied.]



[With everything you idiot. Doing everything I want, monopolizing me, my ideal lover? That’s only a doll. I don’t have the hobby of playing with dolls.]



Hajime wants to get out of this space already and spits out to Yue that she’s a fake.



[…..Wrong. I’m not a doll. I have all the personality of Hajime’s ideal lover. That’s why, stay here. Everything that Hajime wants will be like his ideal. I’ll always stay by his side.]



Apparently, it doesn’t seem to be an ordinary fake. The world was also produced by the memory and also the characters were read with the transition/teleportation. There, IF there would be something more impossible “Maybe, if it’s that way”-created, an even more ideal world would be created.



Certainly, with the pain tasted in hell, and with what may stand before them in the future, that it would be ideal to live with Yue and the other in the peaceful Japan.



However,



[It’s beyond help. It couldn’t be even more wrong.]



Hajime says it like it was like a trivial matter! A red light emits from his body. The clear red magic is spread though the world in a moment and isn’t stopping and raising its density by a dreadful amount.



As long as this is a trial, when clearing the conditions, it is possible to escape it, but he can’t help it and uses his whole strength. The point is, he’s venting his anger.



[…….Why?]



It should be his ideal word, so Yue asks Hajime why he’s rejecting it. Hajime continues to discharge his magic power and turns his glare to the fake.



[Don’t “Why?”-shit me. It’s a simple story. My ideal Yue is not such garbage. This real one exceeds my ideals by far. The real Yue is more attractive than a Yue which doesn’t exist!]



Hajime pours out magic to the very limit and remembers the worthless feeling again, lets out a loud roar and pours even more magic out and the space finally begins to crack.



While the worlds cracking it make a “bikibeki”-sound and expands a bit, however the magic is not strong enough and it’s already exhausted. However, there is still a stupid method left as he doesn’t want to yield to this space. That’s because he’s pretty stubborn.



Hajime takes out a magic stone out from his stock and uses “Limit Break”. He raised his magic power in one go.



[Those guys are always like this. They always trample on my ideals and try to end them! To tie us with them! Strongly! It won’t go like those troublesome guys want to! Still, for this reason, I will be the strongest!]



The world is dyed crimson red. Like piercing the heavens, a bright red torrent bursts out.



And,



Bariiiiiiiiiin!!



The world was broken.



Fragments of the world are fluttered like glass in the air. It shines like diamond dust.



At the end of its life, like sparking, the imitation Yue lets out a smile in the broken world. It wasn’t like Yue’s smile. It was like….. someone else’s smile.



Hajime had an idea what that was, however his consciousness began to fade rapidly and he wasn’t able to point that out.



[……You passed. With only being nice you don’t stand a chance. There is no sense in only giving. Even if it’s hard or painful, only what was piled up in reality can make you happy. Don’t forget that.]



It was a voice different from Yue’s. It’s more manly than feminine. However, it was a very gentle voice.



Hajime at the end of his consciousness cannot help it and raises his voice.



[None of your bussiness…..But, I’ll remember it.]



The person was already hard to see, nonetheless still raised a gentle smile at the end…..it felt just like that.





Chapter 128




Hajime felt a dry,cold texture on the back of his head. This feeling rapidly brought Hajime’s dozing consciousness back to reality.



[…..Where is…..]



He shook his head to clear it, then quickly stood up and checked his surroundings.



Without any sources of light it was pitch-black. However, since Hajime had his ‘Night Vision’ the darkness didn’t hinder his sight.



As a result, a quick look around told him that he was in a cave similar to the large tree they had entered before he lost consciousness. However he quickly realised that it was much larger.



There was one distinct difference though It was a domed, circular space, filled with transparent tan coloured, oblong objects that gave off a clean feeling. They were regularly spaced throughout the domed area.



Judging from the size, each could fit a person inside.



Hajime thought they looked exactly like coffins.



The empty space Hajime had woken up in was lined up with these tan coffins.



Hajime looked around, but there was nothing in the center of the dome and there didn’t seem to be any kind of exit in the surroundings.



He turned his gaze back onto one of the coffins lined up in a row and after hesitating slightly, stepped up beside.



[This is…..just like amber.]



Then Hajime breath caught when he realised Shia was inside the amber.



Hajime thought the sleeping Shia inside the transparent coffin looked just like an ancient insect trapped in amber.



He briefly used ‘Sign Perception’ to check Shia’s status and was able to sense a steady pulse.



He was able to keep himself calm by recalling when he came to. Hajime was guessing that he had also been encased in amber shortly before he woke up.



There were a total of nine amber coffins enshrined in the room. He suspected that if he checked all of them he would find his other party members trapped inside. They had most likely been imprisoned in the amber after they had entered the hollow of the pseudo-treant.



They were all probably ensnared in appealing dreamlike worlds just as he had been. If they manage to escape from that dream world then it is likely that they will be freed from the amber right in front of Hajime’s eyes.



As Hajime found and stared into the amber imprisoning Yue he concluded that there was at least one good thing about the current situation.



[Well, at any rate it’s good that Yue and Tio are back in their bodies. Turning them back myself…..may have been a problem.]



Just as Hajime had said, inside two of the amber coffins were Yue and Tio, and not in their goblin forms but their usual, beautiful, bodies. They were probably returned to their original selves when the previous stage was cleared.



Personally Hajime was glad. He would have loved her either way, but the original Yue was the best.



Hajime lowered himself down beside Yue and stretch his hand out towards his beloved’s face. Of course the amber got in the way, but he still moved his hand as if to caress her face.



[Come back soon, Yue. I want to hear your voice…..]



For a moment the dangerous thought of breaking the amber by force crossed his mind, but if he did break her free he was worried that it might cause the trial to end in failure, so he held back the urge.



[…..Yue in a blazer……was dangerous. Shia too….how was dream me able to retain his reason?….Alright, I’ll have you wear it once we’ve returned to Japan.]



As Hajime was caught up in these stupid thoughts the amber began to emit a faint light.



Hajime withdrew his hand and took a step back while watching the change.



As the light grew stronger the amber began to melt from the outside inwards. As the amber melted it would trickle down the side and be absorbed into the ground.



Within 5 minutes the amber covering Yue had completely dissipated.



Hajime confirmed Yue was breathing from the rising and falling of her chest. With that his remaining tension dissolved and he gently gathered her up in his arms.



It wasn’t clear whether he didn’t want to leave her lying down on the ground, or perhaps more likely, he just wanted to hold her.



Yue’s long eyelashes began to quiver as Hajime gently brushed some of her hair away from her face while he cradled her in his arms like a child.



Yue slowly opened her eyes.



[Yue….how are you feeling?]



[……N, Hajime?]



[Aah, it’s me.]



Yue still seemed to be a little dazed, but her gaze didn’t wander away from Hajime for even a moment.



Once her consciousness had completely returned she stared at Hajime carefully.



[…Is it…..the real Hajime?]



[Haha, I understand why you would ask, but Yue must decide for herself. Is the me before Yue right now real, or a fake?]



There was most likely an imposter Hajime in the dream Yue saw,but Hajime was happy to let Yue judge for herself. He was sure that she would be able to tell the difference between the real him and the fantasy she had seen.



[By the way, right now I am sure that the Yue in my arms is the real one.]



Hajime’s words left Yue staring at him with a blank expression for a moment, but she quickly grasped his meaning and smiled.



Hajime was telling her that there had also been an imitation of Yue in his dream, and that he was glad that she too had dreamed of him in her ideal world.



The corner of Yue’s eyes lowered and her mouth arced to form a truly delightful smile.



[……How can you tell?]



Yue already knew the answer, but she still wanted to hear him say it. Even if their hearts understood each other, it was still a wonderful thing to hear your beloved say the words out loud.



Once again, Hajime knew exactly how Yue felt. So he shrugged his shoulders and answered casually.



[I don’t feel any uneasiness…..deep inside of me. It’s like my soul is whispering to me “the one in your arms is your ‘special one’”]



[Fufu…..Me too. Deep inside something is telling me that the person I am embracing now is Hajime. … …Forget I asked?]



[Maa, you were still half asleep.]



Yue eyes softened as Hajime once again shrugged his shoulders, then she suddenly wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him forcefully.



—-Gohon! (TL: *cough*)



[……What was I like in your dream?]



[My school’s blazer looked so good on you that I could die.]



Yue could now guess what kind of world Hajime had seen, but the unexpected answer was so amusing that Yue couldn’t stop her small voice from ringing out with laughter when she heard it..



[…I’ll wear it for you someday.]



[That’s something to look forward to. How was it for you?]



Uuohon!



Yue buries her face into Hajime’s neck. As he was enjoying the repeated pecks of her lips against his neck Hajime asked her about her dream too.



[……..The ceremonial clothes and throne suited you so well I could almost die.]



[Sorry…..Ceremonial clothes aside, a throne is impossible. Or rather, why a throne?]



[Kufufu….In my dream I was an Empress…and we had 12 children.]



[Just how far did you go in your dream!? A dozen is too many!]



Hajime unintentionally drew himself back from Yue and stared at her in shock. Yue stared at Hajime with a seductive look and licked her glossy lips still wet from the kiss.



This seductive look caused Hajime’s breath catch and made his heart to start racing. The fierce spirit that could withstand the attacks of any monster was easily shaken.



[…….Fufu, I have high expectations.]



[……As expected, I won’t be able to win against Yue in my whole life.]



—-Gohotsuehhon! ( Editor: *choke* *sob*? TL: YES, NOT MY NOTE!!!! Btw. is more like *hardcore cough*)



Hajime gave a roguish smile while staring up towards the sky, the light of seriousness in Yue’s eyes had forced him to give in.



Once again he was sure, ‘this is my Yue’.



Returning to the excitement from before, Hajime cupped the side of Yue’s cheek with one hand before sliding it down to her waist and embracing her. Yue, sensing that Hajime wanted the same thing as her, closed her eyes and lifted her lips towards his.



Her rose-coloured cheeks were irresistibly cute, and her vibrant tongue, visible through her opened and bewitching lips, was extremely captivating. There was no more need for words as the two drew closer, each wanting the others lips. They continued to draw closer. 10 centimetres…..5 centimetres….and when the distance reached 0…



[Ugottsukeetsuehengohotsugahatsutsutobuetsukushoitsu!!!!] (TL: Gibberish for me. Maybe somebody will get it right: ??????????????????????????!!!!)



[—Aah?]



[—N?]



They were interrupted by a strange noise that was vaguely familiar. This time the unidentified sound had been close enough that they couldn’t miss it anymore.



Yue and Hajime exchanged glances, then turned their heads towards the sound. There they saw…



[Uuu *gusu*, whatever….I can see I’m not wanted….even though I did my best to come back…..and then suddenly that atmosphere…..tried to get attention by clearing my throat, but…..uuuu *gusu*…reality is always so cruel….uuu~.]



(TL: Left it *gusu* rather than translating it. It just means crying, bawling or something like that.)



They were greeted with the pitiful sight of Shia, struggling to hold back her tears as her rabbit ears drooped. The drops of moisture trickling out from the corner of her eyes stirred up quite a bit of pity.



It would seem that Shia had woken up shortly after Yue, unfortunately they had been too caught up in their own reunion to notice.



Hajime and Yue quickly began to soothe the utterly miserable Shia. Hajime drew Shia close and tightly embraced her, and after a while the lonely rabbit’s usual spirit began to return. Soon both her rabbit ears and cheeks were twitching with delight, while her rabbit tail flapped about happily.



[Un, as I thought, Shia must have rabbit ears. It’s the rabbit ears that make her who she is, she just isn’t Shia without them. Better put, it’s that Shia existence is defined by her rabbit ears.]



[No, I can’t understand that! Rabbit ears are not all that I am… but you really seem happy to see them Hajime-san. Did something happen in your dream?]



[Aah~, do I? The Shia in my dream didn’t have any rabbit ears, she was just an ordinary girl.]



[……Is that even Shia?]



[Ano, Yue-san? It’s true that my rabbit ears are part of my identity, but I would still be Shia without them you know?]



Shia was beginning to feel a vague sense of unease from their reactions.



Perhaps they are only nice to me because they like my rabbit ears?



Hajime and Yue quickly began to reassure Shia once they saw her worried expression and soon changed the topic to asking her what she had seen in her dream.



It seems that she dreamt of a world where the Haulia tribe weren’t exiled and hunted, and she was able to live happily together with Yue and Hajime.



Yue explained hers again as well. It seems that in her dream she was never betrayed and her former country didn’t fall to ruin. She had received Hajime as her groom and they had started a family together.



[As for me, my world was one where I was living a happy life with Yue, Shia & the others without ever having been summoned to this world. It basically rewrote the great suffering I experienced in the past but included the happiness of now.]



[I see… That certainly would be an ideal world in a certain sense]



[…..How did Shia escape?]



Shia answered the question on how she escaped from her dream world with a big smile and a laugh.



[It was obviously because I couldn’t deny my current self even if I wanted to.]



[…I see]



Yue nodded with a convinced look while Hajime nodded with a gentle look in his eyes.



In her dream Shia must have remained as her weak self from the past, but she was unable to accept it.



[In the dream I met Hajime-san and the others before my family were attacked. We were all living together and I was fine with just being protected. But something felt wrong! It was if my heart was screaming at me ‘there is no way you can stand beside them with a way of life that embraces weakness’. The Hajime-san who was telling me he would protect me and the Yue-san who was telling me not to worry… were certainly sweet and gentle, pleasant even, but the more they told me that the more my discomfort grew… By the time I noticed it, I had already decided to fight by the side of Hajime-san and the others.]



[So that’s how you got back…]



[Hai! It is because instead of watching your backs, I want to stand beside you both now and in the future. Even if it ends up being a path filled with hardships and pain.]



While watching Shia grin happily Hajime became lost in thought. Shia had really become strong. The first time they had met…..he had tried to drive her away as hard as he could… Now it wasn’t possible for him to reject her, all thanks to her love for Hajime and her strong desire to be an equal part of their group.



A feeling of affection for Shia, different from the one he felt for Yue, welled up inside Hajime. He pulled her head towards his chest and began patting her gently.



Standing at their side, Yue was able to guess Hajime feelings from the affectionate face he was making.



[Fue, umm, Hajime-san?]



[Maa, how should i say it?… welcome back, Shia. You did well.]



[Ah… Yes, I’m back…]



‘The place where you belong is by my side’ is what Shia felt Hajime meant when she heard him say ‘welcome back’. For a short while it left her feeling a little giddy and embarrassed, but soon the happiest smile surfaced on her face and she clung onto Hajime tightly.



As usual, Hajime had Yue cuddled up under his right arm and Shia embraced under the left arm as they all discussed their dreams, and as they were chatting another one of the amber prisons began to give off a faint light. Once again, one of their companions was about to break out of their prison of sweet temptation.



[If I’m not mistaken, that amber is…]



Hajime, recalling who was in that prison, muttered softly. Yue increased the intensity of her magical light so they could better see the escapee. As the light grew brighter…



[Mugaa! Master’s scorn is not such a half-hearted thing as that–! If you expect to satisfy me you better train harder before coming back again!]



[[[……]]]



The person waving her fist in the air and saying such things immediately after waking up was, of course, none other than Tio.



Able to guess the contents of Tio’s dream just from her remark, they all reflexively directed silent gazes of scorn at her. Hajime, who was spoken of in such a way, eyes especially looked as if they were staring at trash.



Feeling his gaze, all of the muscles in Tio’s body began to quiver. Then, turning around with an excited expression on her face, she was greeted with the cold gazes of Hajime’s group and started to tremble even more. After a moment she started running towards Hajime like a lost dog towards its owner, an expression of ecstasy on her face.



[Master~ This one just got back now~! Shower mistress with your love~!](TL note: She was actually saying love me or favour me, but i decided to go along with this instead.)



Even after being turned into a Goblin she was still the same as always. Tio jumped towards Hajime with a divers pose.



Dopan!!



[Gafu-!]



Hajime silently drew Donner and shot Tio mid jump, causing her to perform a triple flip in the air before landing facedown on the ground. He then stepped onto her back and trampled her further into the ground with his feet, causing her to start making screams heavily mixed with panting noises.



[This worthless dragon! Just what the heck did she have me do in her dream?]



[This is it! This is what this one missed! Even though this one did her best to return from that fake world, this one is rewarded by being shot and trampled underfoot, with eyes that look at this one as if seeing trash! The mildness of that fake was nothing compared to this exquisite pain! This is how mistress’ one and only master does things! More! Hurt this one more~!]



[…Just die, you pervert.]



[Abababababababah]



Hajime, unable to listen to her outcries anymore, snapped and invoked ‘Thunder Clad’. Tio, unable to withstand it, arched backwards before exhausting her strength and collapsing back onto the ground while giving off white smoke.



However, despite the ordeal, the expression of Tio’s face was one of perverted ecstasy.



She looked truly happy, which left Hajime feeling even more repulsed.



Soon after that Tio revived herself without any appearance of having suffered any damage at all. Then, though no one asked and they all refused to listen, she zealously talked at length about how unbecoming a master the Hajime in her dream was.



The fake world should be designed to show the specific individual a sweet fantasy that would leave them trapped inside their dreams.



Assuming that is true, Tio being able to escape due to feeling unsatisfied is an extremely strange story. It’s an unpleasant thought, but it seems that Tio was able to escape because the Great Dungeon was unable to gauge her pervertedness.It had been able to read that Hajime is Tio’s loved one, and that Tio likes sexual oppression, but it seems it wasn’t able to understand how she interpreted ‘punishment’ and ‘reward’.



Now, the Great Dungeon, who’s trap had easily been escaped and was being spoken ill of after having done it’s best to create Tio’s ideal master, seemed kind of pitiable.



Haltina must never have expected this kind of pervert would come to challenger it.



In his mind Hajime paid his respects to Haltina while imagining them wearily crumbling into dust.



While they were all caught up in this another one of the amber prisons begun to shine. It would seem the next one to escape would be Kaori.



Hajime and the others approached the side of her amber shortly before she opened her eyes. At first she seemed to be panting faintly, but when she saw Hajime and the others gathered around her she took a deep breath in relief. However, the moment her eyes met with Hajime’s her faced flushed a boiling red and she retreated until her back hit the wall.



Hajime, who had never been avoided by Kaori before, was more confused than surprised. He turned his gaze to Yue and the others as if to ask what happened. Kaori, noticing Hajime’s confusion, quickly attempted to resolve the misunderstanding.



[Oh…! It’s not like that Hajime-kun! Just now that is, a little, how should I say it… Anyway it’s not like that. I wasn’t avoiding you…]



[Ahh~ No, it’s not a problem… I guess it must have something to do with your dream… Just what was it that you saw…?]



[Eh? Ah, what… you ask? That’s… …. ….Awwaaah]



Kaori tried to answer the question asked by the wryly smiling Hajime, but wasn’t able to give a coherent answer. Her cheeks started blushing more and more until she eventually covered her face with both hands and started to moan.



The girls were able to get the gist of her dream from her reaction and each displayed a different response. Tio was going [Hohou~] while grinning as if she found something extremely interesting. Shia was muttering […Kaori-san tteba] while blushing and intermittently averting her eyes. And as for Yue… she attacked her with sharp words while looking at her with scornful eyes.



[…Kaori, you closet pervert]



Kaori trembled and tried to make excuses for her still beet-red face.



[I…I am not a closet pervert! D..don’t say such weird things!]



[…then, tell us what kind of dream you had.]



[Th..that’s…It..it was… just a repetitive everyday life]



[…to say you attacked Hajime on daily basis…]



[I…I didn’t attack! I just pushed him down a little… after that Hajime-kun himself… waaah!]



[…Kaori is banned from getting close to Hajime. She’s too dangerous.]



[I..I’m not dangerous! Hajime-kun she’s wrong, you know? I wouldn’t attack Hajime-kun, you know?]



[Haa… yes, yes… I understand.]



[Uu~~]



It would seem all sorts of things happened with Hajime while Kaori was in her dream. Although she was able to shake off the temptation and return… it seems she indulged in quite the bittersweet springtime of her youth before she returned.



Kaori kept blushing and stealing glances at Hajime. It seems that this innocent reaction stirred up the sadist in Yue, who started trying to further stimulating Kaori by whispering something into her ear.



Kaori covered her ears and started shaking her head, trying to escape from Yue’s tormenting whispers. It was like watching a pitiful mouse being toyed with by a playful cat.



[Maa, anyway, with this all our members are back.]



Shia released the tension from her shoulders upon hearing Hajime’s words, then turned her gaze towards Kouki and the others.



[That’s true. Then, what should we do about them?]



[Let’s see… …If it comes down to it we can just destroy the amber, but for now let’s wait for them to break out on their own. If we interfere it’d probably render their efforts to challenge the Great Dungeon thus far pointless.



[How long do we wait?]



[Hmm… perhaps long enough for us to eat and take a little break? In my case, I snapped and destroyed my dream with brute force. I probably cleared it just fine….but I only have about ten percent of my magic left so I would like to rest and recover for a bit.



[……Just what the heck were you thinking?]



Shia was directing an astonished gaze towards Hajime as she spoke. Their usual roles had been reversed and Hajime was wearing quite a bitter expression.



[Believe me, I am reflecting on my actions. I seem to have been unusually worked up since we entered this Dungeon.]



[Ahh~! That’d be because the Dungeon used Yue-san…]



[Maybe, but I can’t use that as an excuse, you know, because in a sense it proves that it really is a weakness. It’ll probably be difficult, but I am going to try and use this opportunity to overcome it.]



Shia directed an admiring gaze at the Hajime who was showing such an admirable attitude. Then, after throwing a sidelong glance at Yue, who was still busy teasing Kaori, and Tio, who was listening in and breathing roughly, Shia leaned in and whispered to Hajime.



[Ano, Hajime-san…]



[N?]



[Umm, that is…If what happened to Yue-san were to happen to me…would you also get angry like that?]



Shia was averting her gaze, but her rabbit ears were honed in on Hajime’s direction. She wanted to know if Hajime would get angry for her sake, even if wasn’t to the same extent as he did for Yue.



At first Hajime was going to brush her off as usual, but when he saw Shia peeking at him with wavering eyes he scratched his cheek and decided to answer her honestly this time.



[The reason I destroyed the dream wasn’t just because of Yue. You were there too, but I… just couldn’t be happy without the Shia I know.]



[Ah…… ehehe, is that so?]



Shia was waving her rabbit ears and tail around happily while wearing a delighted smile on her face. Upon seeing her happy expression Hajime’s hand reached out naturally to feel them.



Soon after, Kaori, unable to take Yue’s teasing anymore, clung onto Hajime in tears. Shia, who was still in an excessively good mood, begun to soothe Kaori while Yue puffed out her chest with satisfaction. Tio….well let’s leave her aside.



They decided to eat a meal while they waited for Kouki and the others, but even after 3 hours there was no sign of them escaping.



[It might be better to save them soon…]



[… …n, right]



[It does seem like… we would be here for a long time if we keep waiting for them to get out on their own]( Note by TL: Shia)



Both Yue and Shia voiced their agreement, thinking that it couldn’t be helped. However Kaori quickly stepped in.



[Wouldn’t it be alright to wait a little longer? Just a bit more? If it’s Shizuku-chan and the others then they can surely…]



Since Kaori herself understood Shizuku and the others desperation better than anyone, one way or another she wanted them to capture the dungeon and receive the Age of Gods magic. A person’s survival rate increases by leaps and bounds with even one Age of Gods magic. Kaori wanted them to get stronger so that they too could safely return to Japan.



The reason Hajime had allowed them to accompany him into the dungeon was so that he could use them as foot soldiers in the cases where apostles like Nointo appeared again. To further this plan he was hoping they would be able to obtain the Age of Gods magic here and then head out and defeat the other Great Dungeons on their own.



That’s why, when he saw Kaori’s pleading eyes, he shrugged his shoulders and decided to wait a little while longer. Kaori smiled happily when she saw Hajime agree and began to casually try to get closer to him, however she was immediately blocked just as casually by Yue.



As this was happening one of the ambers started to shine.



[That amber is…Shizuku-chan’s!]



[Huh, as expected the fastest one was Yaegashi.]



[Fumu. Shizuku is level-headed after all](Tio)



Upon seeing the melting amber Kaori rushed over at full speed. Soon after Shizuku abruptly opened her eyes and began groaning in a soft voice as she tried to get up. Kaori reached over and supported her as Shizuku weakly raised herself out of the remains of the amber.



[Where am I…? …Kaori?]



[Un, it’s me, Shizuku-chan. Welcome back!]



[I see, I’m back, huh. Fuu, for some reason I’m feeling quite tired…]



Shizuku gave a heavy sigh as if she really was feeling tired, before shaking her head as if to clear it of some lingering thought. She then smiled at Kaori and returned her greeting with a warm [I’m back].



After Kaori and Shizuku had finished their happy reunion Hajime and others approached as well.



[You overslept quite a bit, but it’s good that you were able to overcome it]



[Hah? Ah, Na..Nagumo-kun… Y..you’re right. It’s good to be back.]



For some reason the moment Hajime called out to her Shizuku’s gaze began to wander aimlessly and she started to stutter.



Upon seeing Shizuku behave strangely Yue and the others became puzzled. Shizuku cleared her throat as if to hide her unrest and turned her face away from them to conceal her slightly reddened cheeks.



[…seems Kouki and others are taking their time, huh?]



[Un, we came back several hours ago, but since then Shizuku-chan is the first one to escape.]



[Is that so? They came up with a troubling trial I guess. Well, it can’t be helped. While saying so, it seems I made you wait quite a bit. I guess I should say I am sorry?]



[Don’t worry about it, Shizuku-san. Congratulations on your escape. …and… i’d like to ask you a tiny question, but…]



[Thank you Shia. It’s alright, what might it be about?]



Shizuku replied to Shia with a smile that was using all of her reserves of composure. She had gotten a bad feeling about Shia’s question right away.



However, it seems the one who would be asking the question wouldn’t be Shia, but rather Yue, who had somehow gotten beside Shizuku without anyone noticing.



[…….]



[Wh..what is it?]



[…….]



[Umm, looking at me silently like that makes me feel uncomfortable… …Yue?]



For some reason Yue was starting into Shizuku’s eyes from beside her. Shizuku was desperately trying to suppress the feeling of unease that Yue’s exquisite, doll-like, deadpan face was stirring inside her.



Finally, Yue asked a question with a tone that suggested she was confirming something she already knew.



[…Shizuku…what kind of dream was it?]



[Eh? What kind you say? It was an ordinary dream. There was nothing unusual. Yes, it was a really plain, ordinary dream]



[…ordinary? Who was in it?]



[Who you say? …Everyone. Everyone was there]



[… … I see]



Shizuku answered firmly while looking straight into Yue’s eyes, as if to show that she wasn’t disturbed one bit. Although this was her intention, she didn’t realise that her extremely abstract answers had given away the state of affairs in her heart.



Yue, of course, had noticed it, as had the others. However Shizuku was giving off such a strong aura implying she didn’t want to talk about it that they decided to leave it be for now.



When Yue and the others backed off Shizuku appeared openly relieved.



With the inquisition finished, they guided the tired Shizuku to the centre of the room and begun to prepare tea. As she was being lead to join the impromptu tea time, Shizuku couldn’t help muttering to herself.



[… …Me being a princess is impossible… …and more importantly, why wasn’t the prince Kouki or Ryutarou?… … murmur…]



Though there wasn’t anyone close enough to hear her.



Several hours later Shizuku finished resting and had completely recovered from her mental fatigue. Having decided they couldn’t wait any longer, they were now preparing to force the breakout of Kouki, Ryutarou and Suzu.



Hajime or Yue could’ve easily been able to destroy the amber, but in their party was someone who had a skill that was much better suited for the job.



[Now then Kaori, it’s all yours. Try not to ‘decompose’ their bodies.]



[Un, it’s alright. Outside of real battle there’s no need to worry about the control anymore.]



After giving her reply to Hajime, Kaori abruptly put her hand on the nearest amber and began to release her maryoku (magic) as if to permeate it. Pale, silvery, magic rays coloured the room in moonlit brilliance as Kaori’s maryoku delicately coiled around and spread itself evenly throughout the remaining amber prisons.



[‘Decompose.’]



There was no need to chant, but since it helped to focus the image in her mind she recited it on purpose. Immediately after, the amber surrounding Kouki and others started to crumble. it looked more like it was decaying than melting, the particles that became too small for the eyes to see looked as if they were vanishing into thin air.



Within 3 minutes all the amber had completely decomposed and vanished into thin air. Concerned over the aftereffects of being forcibly released from their trials, Shizuku and Kaori anxiously began to check the condition of Kouki and the others.



However it seemed it was an unnecessary fear.



[…..Huh? Wha, Kaori? Shizuku? This is? But I was… with you two…]



[N, ah? What is this place? I thought I was……]



[Eh? No way… Eri was… …Eri…]



All three of them woke up suddenly, as if they had never been asleep.



Because they had suddenly awoken from their pleasant dreams to find themselves in a dimly lit cave it seems their senses had been thrown into confusion. Suzu was especially distraught, reaching her grasping hand out towards empty space. It was obvious from her words who she was reaching out for. Thinking about what kind of dream she must have been having, it is understandable why she wasn’t able to wake herself up from it.



Both Kaori and Shizuku made sympathetic expressions when they saw Suzu’s sad state. It wasn’t surprising that the severe betrayal had left her wounded deeply. Though she is always laughing and smiling, even now that wound must be bleeding beneath the surface.



The trio slowly become silent as they sorrowfully started to realise that what they had been seeing was only a dream. However, they all handled the realisation differently. Ryutarou, even though he continues to give off a dejected feeling, abruptly scratches his head with an embarrassed expression while saying [Guess it can’t be helped]. Kouki just chewed his lips with a vexed expression. While Suzu quickly forced a smile onto her face in an attempt to deceive them.



Since they couldn’t bare to watch her like this, both Kaori and Shizuku immediately pulled Suzu into a tight hug.



Just as Hajime was about to call out to them, a magic circle appeared in the centre of the room.



It would appear that when everyone escapes from the amber they are forcibly sent on to the next stage. Ryutarou aside, Kouki and Suzu are still unstable. Hajime would’ve preferred to let them recover first, but… it appears that wasn’t going to be possible.



[Amanogawa, Taniguchi, this is no time for you to be caught up in your thoughts, get ready. If you don’t, all your dreams really will fall apart.]



[tte… … Aah, I know.]



[U..un. Right!]



The next instant the magic circle’s light burst forth and filled the view of Hajime and the others.





Chapter 129




Hajime and the rest reappeared in the same forest of trees that they had left from.



However, it was too soon to start celebrating just yet. The area was vast, with trees stretching as far as the eye could see, giving Hajime no clue on which direction to head.



In many ways it resembled the tree levels in the Orcus Labyrinth, a forest somehow existing underground. Most of the trees appeared to be about the same height, but one tree in the distance seemed to tower over the rest. Hajime guessed that was their next destination.



“It looks like everyone is here.”



Hajime carefully watched the other members of the group with a squint. He had feared that the transportation circle would have split them up or put them into some new challenge, but it appeared like his worries were unfounded.



“….Hajime, any fakes?” Yue inquired.



“No, everyone seems okay. My eyes tell me that everyone is real.”



“It’s okay if Hajime-san says so.” Shia gives out a look of confidence.



Hajime wished Shia would be more careful in case he himself was the fake. However, he reasoned that Yue would be able to tell if Hajime was a fake and warn Shia, if that situation arouse.



Watching the dense forest ahead, Hajime gave the order for them to get moving. He glanced over his shoulder, examining the figure of Kouki and Suzu who wore shadows over their expressions.



Whatever Suzu’s dream had been, it seem to have hurt her deeply. Hajime couldn’t guess what Kouki had seen. No, whatever it was, it was enough that he didn’t come back to reality. Shaking off the dream was too much of a shock. Those dreams seemed to cut the party as bad as any nightmare. It was a deep pain that they would never be able to completely escape from. Every member struggled to shake off the shock of those dreams and come back to reality.



However, they were in a labyrinth right now. They couldn’t afford to lose their edge, or a single misstep could bring them to despair in a matter of seconds. The silence seemed to drag on forever.



“Suzu, Koaki, Are you just going to give up?” Hajime breaks the silence harshly.



“Like we have a choice!”



“Eh? What do you mean by that?’



Hajime stared down the two with piercing eyes. The sharp-tempered Ryuutaro raised his eyebrows in anger at Hajime’s harsh words, but Hajime continued to speak before he could say anything.



“This is one of the great labyrinths. Death is merely a step ahead. Death is around every corner, just a second away. If you can’t concentrate, then just give up here. Die in vain.”



“Just wait for a moment there…”



“Even if you forgive yourself, that doesn’t change the fact that you were unable to clear the trial from before. You can’t change that. However, you could at least have the determination to rise to all the remaining challenges as necessary. You don’t see it now, but someone who has no spirit is worse than a burden to the rest of us.”



“… I,”



“I can open a gateway outside the labyrinth for you to flee. Either proceed or give up, but I won’t allow you to continue like this.”



Silence wrapped around the group. Kouki clinched his teeth in a desperate attempt to suppress indignation. However, after what Hajime had said to the group, he wasn’t surprised that Kouki was angry.



The group had realized their failure. They had let their attention slip, unconsciously assuming things would turn out okay because Hajime was there to pick up the slack. Even though they were looking to become stronger than Hajime, Kouki’s group had depended on him to get through the middle section of the labyrinth. They were supposed to beat the labyrinth on their own, yet their dependence on Hajime made them angry at themselves.



However, they were afraid to vent their anger here, as Hajime waited for an answer. Kouki took deep breaths, attempting to discharge his anger with fresh air.



“Naguma, We’re okay now. We can keep going!” Suzu declared.



Hajime gave Suzu a nod, the mood immediately turning lighter. For a moment, Suzu trembled at a look from Hajime’s eyes, but then gave Hajime a decisive nod.



“If Suzu can keep going. That’s enough for me!” Kouki speaks up.



“Is that so? If you’re good now, then focus on your surroundings.” Hajime responded and just as quickly started walking again.



Ryuutaro clapped Kouki on the shoulder hard as he stared at the Hajime’s back. Kouki knew Ryuutaro was trying to support him in a way only a childhood friend could and gave him a look of appreciation.



Even Kaori and Shizukuo seemed to be affected by the spirit of encouragement given by Suzu and picked up their steps, taking either side of Suzu for support.



Hajime headed straight towards the trees he had identified earlier.



The area was quiet; there wasn’t even a sound of crickets. Even the wind wasn’t blowing, so when Hajime brushed by a branch the noise seemed to echo in the silence.



“Hmmm… this is a somewhat unpleasant feeling.”



“Yeah, it’s the same feeling like when we were in Orcus Labyrinth, right before the ambush.” Kouki responds.



“For sure. But no signs of demons.”



Everyone’s eyes were leery with tension. Tio had her brows furrowed. Kaori and Shizuku shivered as they remembered the demon ambush, the demon woman toying with them.



“I sent some spider-golems ahead and they haven’t detected anything. I suspect we can continue without any incidents. But if it’d make you feel better, we can burn the whole forest down.”



“Nagumo… I don’t know how to say this, but sometimes your ideas scare me.” Ryuutaro Tsukkomi’d.



“I learned to think this way in the hell of the abyss. I’m alive today because of it. I didn’t have a barrier maker like Suzu to protect me.” Hajime responded seriously.



Turning everything to ash would leave nowhere for anything to hide. Although it would probably be a little dangerous if the surrounding area was turned to flames.



It looked like Hajime wasn’t able to persuade the other members. Instead, he removed Getsurin and several cross bits from his “treasure room”, just to be safe.



No one thought they would regret stopping Hajime. They didn’t know what would happen if they let Hajime carpet bomb the entire place. In particularly, the way out might disappear.



“… Is it? Rain?”



“Looks like it, it’s starting to trickle down.”



Kouki frowned at the feeling of moisture from overhead. Suzu agreed as she wiped off her hand. They shuttered at the seemingly impossible phenomenon as their eyes met with the others in the group.



“Tsch… Yue!” Hajime called out suddenly.



“It’s a… holy shield!” Yue responded.



Hajime immediately reacts to the abnormality, calling Yue to create a barrier just in time.



Immediately after…



Zaaaaaaaaa…



The rain quickly turned into a torrent, striking Yue’s barrier and sliding off the surface with a dorori sound. However, by all odds it couldn’t be mere rain. The viscosity wasn’t right, plus they were underground and there was no sky.



If they could figure out the trap. Were they being showered with sulfuric acid or some kind of toxin, or was it some kind of demon in disguise? This time, it seemed like the later.



“Nagumo-kun, it’s all around us!”



Gazing calmly, even in this circumstance, Hajime carefully observes the outside of the barrier through the growing tension. The trees, grass, and land seemed to oozing out milky white stuff.



“Is it a slime or…? How were you able to conceal yourself? I can’t even sense it with the magic eye.”



“Nagumo! Our Feet!”



“It’s through the barrier. Decomposition!”



While Hajime was contemplating a slime with the ability to avoid his notice, the milky slime had come up through the ground and surrounded their feet. Normally, the effect of “holy shield” is a spherical barrier deployed all the way to ground, but did not go into the ground. It seemed like the milky slime was lurking in the ground and was now attacking from the inside out.



To suddenly be attacked from the feet. Kaori hurried to invoke decomposition as the milky-white slime had already reached their knees.



The milky-white slime collapsed into smooth particles. As far as how slimes typically fight, they don’t have much in the way of physical attacks, but they’ll consume something and then melt it, making it disappear completely.



“Oraa… It’s sticking to everything!”



Ryuutaro pounded a fist into the milky-white slime, which was expanding to try to cover him. The gauntlet on his hand transmitted the impact through the slime, ripping it apart as his fist strikes the inner wall of Yue’s barrier.



“You fool, Ryuutaro! You’re making a mess!”



“This brain muscle! You’re splashing it on me!”



“You? I’m sorry, I’m sorry!” Ryuutaro apologized.



“It feels so gross!” Shizuku complained.



Suzu and Shizuku raised voices of complaint as Ryuutaro attacked the slime. His attempt to punch the slime had splashed it all over the people beside him. (Translation Note: Imagine the girls all covered in sticky white stuff and you get the gist.)



“Oh no, Shizu, are you alright?”



“Yes, I’m okay, Kouki. These guys seem to die unexpectedly easy…” Suzu explained.



“Oh, no, I’ll help… erm… Oh, never mind!” Kouki turned away and blushed.



“?”



The monsters didn’t seem all that dangerous. In fact they were rather fragile from what you’d expect in a labyrinth. However, they had a bad side effect on the girls. Kouki couldn’t talk to her without averting his gaze.



They also had to avert their eyes quickly from Suzu because she wasn’t in a much better situation.



However, Suzu had a more suspicious face when she looked at Kouki and witnessed the slimes beginning to cover the outside of the barrier.



The effect seemed to disturb Kouki.



That was perhaps the nature of the milky-white slime. First it rained down on everyone. Then it got spread around, such as when Ryuutaro hit them. In other words, it was there to cover you in the turbid liquid.



What Kouki was reacting to…. to put it simply, the appearance of Suzu and Shizuku covered in slime looked really bad. However, the girls didn’t seem to notice it themselves.



And Yue and the others were regrettably not an exception.



As the milky white slimes had breached the barrier, Yue attacked with a scaled-down version of “Saint Sever” while burning the pieces away with “blue dragon”. However, she wasn’t able to stop minute drops from falling down on her face, streaming cloudy liquid over her cheeks and neck.



Shia had also struck one of the milky-white slimes with Doryukken, which had been trying to cover her like Ryuutaro and Shizuku, splattering what was attached. However, because her power was higher it ended up in a shockwave unlike Ryuutaros. The amount was small, but still…



Tio had taken the blunt of Shia’s attack, becoming accidently bathed in milky-white slime. Shia wasn’t trying to aim for Tio, but it seemed like it was just bad luck. Tio was in front, and the effect was similar to being hit with a pie in the face. (Translation Note: Yeah, we’ll go with pie. There are kids reading this. This is a totally innocent scene and totally not a bukkake)



Tio was in a kimono with charming black hair covered in white liquid. Hey leg peeked out from the hem of her hadake with more white liquid flowing down her legs. Yeah, this looked really bad on the surface.



Kaori was the only one spared from the blunt of the damage. There was no splattering of liquid with the use of her decomposition spell. However, the initial rain before Yue had put up a barrier had already done its damage, and she didn’t look much better than any of the other members.



Hajime deployed “summarize thunder” to hide the slime covered girls. Yue’s appearance was too dangerous and Ryuutaro was looking around with eyes a little too bright for Hajime’s comfort.



Hajime was careful though since the still didn’t know the milky white slimes weakness. It was important to be prudent.



(It’ll be difficult to forget what has been seen this day.)



A lifeform this dangerous may find itself quickly becoming extinct.



So, like this, the Milky slime in the barrier were easily destroyed. Now that they had the slimes on the inside were gone, Hajime turned his attention to those outside the “holy shield” covered in creamy white slime. He slowly approached the wall and transferred a cross bit and a Getsurin outside of the wall.



“After all, it becomes like this…”



Hajime examined the world outside with his demon eye via the cross bit. The world outside overflowed with milky white slime. The walls and ceiling were covered and slime rained down. The ground had become a sea of milky white.



If it had not been for Yue’s quick cast of the defensive magic, they could have ended up being quickly swallowed. This was truly a great labyrinth.



“Yue, will the barrier hold? I’m going to need to burn everything.”



“Nn… go.”



At Yue’s word, Hajime releases all the crossbits and Getsurin at the same time.



“Reproduction Magic, it’s time to burn them to hell!”



“So he’s going to use that…”



“Last time you used this Suzu’s barrier would have broke if we didn’t have revival magic? We’re going to die. Don’t attack them Hajime, we’re not the enemies!” Kyuutaro pleaded.



Hajime gave Ryuutaro a look before turning away. Suzu wore an expression like a dead fish. It seemed that Hajime’s prison of flames had turned into a trauma for her. Her eyes were slightly watery. Kouki was still evading his eyes. It looked like Kouki still remembered.



“Kaori, please get rid of the rest of the slime with your decomposition. It looks bad.”



Kaori was surprised at the attention Hajime was suddenly giving her. She looked around before realizing what Hajime was talking about when he said it “looked bad.”



All the ladies were dirty and covered in white liquid and it looked kind of… they blushed all at once. Hajime was purposely being vague, in consideration of the fact that weren’t aware of their own appearances. To directly point out what it looked like would be a bad move for any man.



Kaori blushed, finally understanding and giving a look of appreciation, she embarked on cleaning up the white liquid.



Hajime refocused on an image coming in from the cross bit.



(The rain of slime seemed to not weaken at all. Is there a limitless supply? Unless we take care of the ceiling, there is no meaning to this.)



The sea of slime was increasing in volume each moment. Hajime sent the Getsurin to the ceiling. It struck the ceiling, only to have milky white slime get wrapped around it, weakening the momentum.



Hajime made cuts in the ceiling using formation magic, the Getsurin cutting even marks into the rock like cutting through butter before making a central hole.



Hajime drew a small arch in the ceiling, then confirmed that the Getsurin cut in far enough that he could just see the tip. He brought out a spider-golem and another Getsurin from the “treasure room”.



The metallic spider overstretches the drop to nothingness around each hole.



He pulled out more spiders, and each on stretched itself across another hole as if they were glued to the ceiling. The spread out in unison across the ceiling.



Now, he could control hundreds of units when they were set to non-combative maneuvering. After practice, he was capable of moving 14 times the previous number simultaneously.



As result, 80 spider golems spread across the ceiling, and began activating a drill. to suppress the milky slime, it seemed like they came from the small holes and walls, so the only way to stop the slimes was to destroy the source.



The drilling seemed to work, stopping the outflow of slime from the places the golem’s drilled. The shower weakened visibly. The ceiling now emitted a red light, like the countless tails of a meteor shower.



(Okay, first take care of the ceiling, then we’ll worry about the ground.)



Hajime thought things through as he spun the Getsurin spun another hole and stuck another spider to the ceiling. In turn, he opened a gate in the circle of the Getsurin and began to remove tar from the “treasure room”.



“Well, well, to make my Yue dirty. I’ll need to burn the slime away without a trace.”



Hajime gave a fearless smile that showed the canines in his mouth, a heinous look in his eyes. Being able to cover Yue and Shia in white liquid was something Hajime couldn’t forgive.
