


“You can… If you do, I’m thankful.”



Shizuku timidly showed him the edge of her black sword. It seemed he didn’t intend to get any closer.



Shizuku was acting more and more suspicious to Hajime, but he supposed she didn’t want to get close to someone after sweating so much, so he gave a shrug.



Hajime grabbed the black sword and stamped his foot. Instantly, the ground rose into the form of a chair and table. He sat down in the chair and pulled various ores out of the treasure warehouse while displaying the black sword in front of him. (Translation Note: The summary says he pulled them from his storage, but the MTL made it seem like he transmogrified it from the ground, that was his thing for quite a while, after all.)



While watching this, Shizuku took the chair opposite of Hajime’s while wearing a gloomy and restless expression.



“…..”



“…..”



There was no conversation. As Hajime fiddled with the ore, only the sounds of small birds chirping and the whispers of leaves could be heard, and the morning peace and calm returned.



However, Shizuku did not feel particularly uncomfortable. Although there was some tension between her and Hajime initially, the silence did well to help her regain her peace of mind.



Hajime doesn’t spare Shizuku a single glance, deep in concentration. Hajime’s pupils take on a serious expression, brightened by red magic. As Hajime’s hands moved, crimson magical light altered the composition of the minerals themselves.



Shizuku’s thoughts were like “as expected, it’s beautiful” as she watched Hajime’s face while he worked. She started to doze off, her head falling to her shoulder and elbows. After staying up all night, drowsiness was the consequence.



In the middle of the work, Hajime took her hand and extracted a drop of blood. The act startled Shizuku and almost caused her to fall from her chair.



As the moments passed on, Shizuku began to fall into a sense of strange comfort, her eyes once again growing heavy. Then Hajime’s voice spoke up.



“Look, it’s done, Yaegashi.”



“….”



“Yaegashi?”



“….”



“You’re asleep?”



Her arm functioned as a pillow for her head. Hajime squinted at her face, observing that her eyes were closed. He looked in amazement at the defenseless expression she wore as she slept.



Normally, one would wake them up gently, or perhaps put a jacket over them. Hajime instead shoved magic power into the sword and presses it against Shizuku, activating one of its functions.



“Baribaribaribaribaribari.” (electric shock)



“Ababababababa.” (sound of someone being electrocuted)



Sparks gushed out the blade. Shizuku made a scream, stiffening up and springing to her feet in an instant. Hajime had activated the fireman’s standard thunder, which was certainly one way to wake you up.



As soon as the black sword was pushed away, her head thumped face first into the table, white smoke rising from her body as she rubbed her jaw with one hand.



The black sword seemed to have worked satisfactory.



“Why’d you do that so suddenly?”



Naturally, the recovering Shizuku roared in anger. She hit the table with her hand and gave Hajime a scowl.



“I figured I could wake you up and test the weapon’s efficiency at the same time.”



“You say that without a single reservation, this guy…”



As Shizuku tried to throw our words of protest, she realized that she had tossed the sword away while being shocked. She raced over to recover it.



“Before obtaining the sublimation magic, the best I could do was add one or two abilities to ore. However, by tying the magic with the generation magic, I was able to create two or more effects.”



“And you’re ignoring my anger to explain… Alright… It’s fine now.”



Since Hajime began explaining the reinforcement of the black sword as if nothing happened, Shizuku decided to let it go with a grand sigh. She watched him with scornful eyes, trying to convince herself to do so.



“Therefore, I added some new magic to the black sword. One is gravity magic. The weight of the sword can be changed. You can pull and repel against the blade and even cut gravity itself for an instant.”



“That… is amazing.”



The scorn in Shizuku’s eyes dissipated during Hajime’s explanation, instead opening wide as she glanced over the black sword. However, it might have been too early to be surprised. As Hajime’s explanation continues, her face starts to tighten over the full abilities of the sword.



First, it is possible to rupture space itself using spatial magic.



The black sword can repair itself automatically with reproduction magic. Moreover, it may aid in the recovery of the user to boot.



It can also damage the spirit by penetrating the body with spirit magic.



As well, fireman’s standard thunder and wind nail’s performances were improved, plus the new ability shock conversion.



“…..”



Furthermore, the authentication method and status of the plate was reworked so that a long intonation is no longer necessary for a high effect. The sword itself has a “movement state” allowing the spells to be used chantlessly. Because Yaegashi is a speed fighter, she wouldn’t able to spend long periods intoning a skill.



Hajime finished his explanation. Shizuku watches the black sword in her hand, cold sweat running down her face. The original cheat sword she possessed has now become flat out bugged, no matter how you look at it. If its performance was known, wars would be fought to acquire this weapon. It is currently the strongest sword in this world.



“Is it alright… having such a thing…”



“Oh, it’s just in case.”



“Just in case?”



Shizuku tilted her neck to the side with a puzzled look as Hajime looked up at the sky and gave a small nod.



Hajime had a sharp look, like from the eyes of a keen wolf. Shizuku’s heart started to beat rapidly. However, she waited for Hajime’s explanation while ignoring the heat rising in her cheeks.



“It’s pretty understandable. Once we capture the last labyrinth that means we should be able to return to Japan. However, there will be obstacles. The idea that it’ll go that smoothly is just optimism.”



“Obstacles? You mean like the mad gods?”



“Yes. It doesn’t seem like the god’s will let an irregularity like me go. I’ll need some meat for the time when the God’s Apostles like Nointo start to appear in large quantities… though you’ve also considered the age of gods magic as a war potential.”



“Didn’t you say something early about needing a meatwall? Hey? You said that didn’t you?”



Hajime carelessly leaked a bit of his real intention, and Shizuku tried to address it with a floating vein throbbing. However, Hajime kept on talking, disregarding it.



“My artifact making ability as transcended into a new evolution thanks to the sublimation magic. Even if it doesn’t improve any of the other age of god’s magic, a considerable improvement in combat potential is possible. I can improve all of your equipment. Not only Yaegashi, but the rest of the party too. While we go to the ice and snow labyrinth, it’s possible another apostle of god may attack. It must be repulsed by any means. Of course, you’ll also be able to challenge the other labyrinths with those strengthened arms.”



“I understand what you mean…”



Having said what he wanted to say, Hajime stood up. Shizuku wore a troubled expression and hesitated.



“… After all, Nagumo-kun’s group will go without us?”



“Hmm? Do you want to come with?”



“…..”



Shizuku didn’t answer. Originally, this was a big favor they asked and Hajime kept to his side of the bargain. He was to help them capture one large labyrinth.



The struggle through the large labyrinth, it seemed to permeate through their flesh and bones. She couldn’t deny the ability shortage that she possessed. In a word, even if she followed, she’d be a burden for Hajime and the others.



Furthermore, once capturing the ice and snow labyrinth, returning might become available. So Hajime had no reason to bring the other classmates along.



That’s why Shizuku didn’t answer, instead shaking her head. Hajime opened his mouth at Shizuku’s response, then shrugged.



“Well… if it’s only Yaegashi, I wouldn’t mind bringing you…” (TL: Of course, wouldn’t want to leave some of your harem behind.)



“Eh?” Shizuki’s eyes widen in surprise at the unexpected words that leaked from Hajime.



A beat later, Shizuku turned her head, her cheeks blushed red like a furnace as she hurried to conceal it. While desperately trying to calm down her wild heart, she attempted to ask Hajime’s real intention.



“As for that, what…”



“Well, its strategy. Your spiritual strength won’t be a problem at all. The gaps in skill can be filled with an artifact.”



“Oh, yes. Is that true?”



Her expectations were easily betrayed. Shizuku still thought “I did not expect it!”



Shizuku looked back, pulling the heat from her cheeks and quieting her mind while giving Hajime a reproachful look.



However, the words immediately after caused the blush to return once again.



“Yes, that’s true. Apart from the other members of my party, Yaegashi is the person I trust in most.”



“!!!”



It seemed like Shizuku’s reproachful look was a result of her thinking Hajime was trying to flatter her, but Hajime misunderstood. It was a recantation because of that. But the correction tugged at Shizuku, and she began to blush again.



Hajime wore a wry smile, ignoring Shizuku’s reaction while concentrating on his original purpose.



“Although, well, even if only Yaegashi follows, that could be trouble.”



“Eh… why is that?”



“Well, what will others in the class say? Amanogawa will definitely be out of control without you. He’d run around recklessly or just go missing going “Yaegashi is in trouble!” Embarrassing people are troublesome.”



“But there is no body and no cover.” (Translation note: No clue what this means, I think I mistranslated the previous line)



Shizuku was getting tired of being thrown around by Hajime’s behavior. Hajime reached into the treasure storage and pulled out a several chakram.



“Do this chakram metastasize internally? What are you doing, taking them out?”



“It’s training. Just like you were doing before I came. If you’re tired, you should head back. You should be able to get some sleep now.”



As Hajime said it, Shizuku remembered how tired she really was now.



However, it didn’t seem easy to leave this place either. Looking at the surroundings… and Hajime, who had created a column of thirty or more Chakram around his body. Noticing it caused Shizuku’s mouth to drop.



“… May I watch… a little?”



“I don’t mind, but are you sure you don’t need sleep?”



“It’s alright, I’ll return when I get tired enough.”



Hajime shrugged his shoulder, acknowledging Shizuku’s words. Shutting his eyes, he pulled out Donner. Shizuku rested her elbows on the table, her cheeks in her hands, watching Hajime while supporting her head.



The next moment:



Tantantantantantantantan.



Hajime pulled the trigger on Donner, aiming at the chakram flying around at high speeds fast enough to be difficult to see. The bullets were non-fatal rubber-coated metal, causing the gun to produce a sound different than the usually explosive sound effects.



The fired bullets enter straight, right, and left in their respective chakrum circles, dashing from another chakram before returning to Hakime. The bullet exchanged so as not to put out from the column made from the chakrams metastasizing into more chakrams. His finger continued to pull the triggers as he peeled off and dashed around the circle of charkram aiming at yet another chakram.



It was repeated, minimum movement and eagle eyed shots emerging across the dancing leaves in every direction.



The movements might have lacked the elegance of Shizuku a little while before, but there was no military art in the last few hundred years that succeeded by being beautiful. However, it was reasonable. Movement was refined for minimum requirements combined with rational decisions. It was a different sort of elegance compared to Shizuku.



It was creating a storm in which Hajime flew within its center, causing Shizuku to stare instinctively.



A bright red ripple expanded in the air from where Hajime worked, in addition, more chakram were taken from the warehouse, creating a spheroid surrounding from every direction.



And,



Dopan. Dopan. Dopan. Dopan. Dopan. Dopan.



The sphere flashed with bright red as the chakram moved in.



The fatal bullets accelerated by electromagnets, delimiting from the laser like red line in the glow. Ten meters in diameter, the chakram circle gradually narrowed the range. When it reaches 3 meters, red flashing light discharged continuously from point blank range.



Hajime shot down each light one at a time. Donner in his right and left hand embodied the moving about offense and defense like a separate living entity. The innumerable chakram basked in bright red light, filling the inside of the sphere. The shots and shining increase, like a bright red moon that floated in the sky.



“… Beautiful.”



With an entranced expression, Shizuku muttered the words every time she saw the bright red around Hajime. It seemed like her unconscious real feelings were overflowing.





Chapter 134




“Nu….Nu?”



Shizuku’s eyes opened softly while she leaked out a cute noise. Waking up from her nap, her pupils couldn’t seem to focus quite right. A moment, later, she realized that she was looking at the wood grain of a ceiling over her head. In her half-wakeful state, she also recognized a soft feeling on the back of her head.



As she wore such a defenseless face, a familiar voice came from her side.



“Shizuku-chan, are you waking up? It’s already noon time.”



“Uh?….Kaori…?”



Shizuku unintentionally turned towards the source of the voice. It was indeed her best friend next to her. Kaori was watching Shizuku with a gentle smile, sitting in a chair next to the outdoor window.



She rubbed her eyes and sat up, shaking off sleep like she was rising to the surface from a deep pool of water. She started to recall where she was before she lost consciousness and tilted her head to the side.



“Oh? I was outside in the woods… I mean… how did I get here, this is Kaori’s room?”



This was one of the private rooms prepared for Hajime’s group in Fair Bergen. Although she didn’t know Kaori’s room on sight, since Kaori was here, she assumed it was.



Remembering the event this morning, Kaori wore a bitter smile with just a hint of pain in her heart while examining Shizuku, who wore a puzzled look.



“Yes, it is my room. This morning, Hajime brought Shizuku-chan. You were staying up all night? That’s not good. You just came back from a Great Labyrinth. You should be taking it easy.”



“I understand, I’m sorry. So he brought me here? I don’t remember at all.”



“Shizuku-chan was very tired.”



Kaori raises an accusing finger at Shizuku as a form of scolding, causing Shizuku to fidget restlessly. Her docility made her look even more cool and adult-like with her long black hair no longer in a ponytail, displaying the gap power between the two of them.



Her unclothed figure in a one piece shirt also contributed to the appearance. No wonder all the girls in the class wanted to call her older sister. Witnessing her figure would cause someone to declare that ‘her destructive power is amazing!’ With a single smile, she could create a blood bath from nosebleeds alone.



Even Kaori was blushing a little. Shizuku looked up at her with a blush of her own and asked Kaori nervously.



“Oh… how did he?”



Shizuku seemed to struggle with the fact that she had succumbed to sleep, her heart rate going up at the thought of Hajime holding her. Was it perhaps a princess carry?



However, reality was cruel, so Kaori’s cheeks were cramped.



“How would you be carried normally?



“…Kaori, normally?”



“Normally, yes, plain. Only a little artistic.”



“Wait, Kaori… what do you mean by artistic?”



Shizuku continued to ask even as Kaori hesitated to say anything disagreeable. Kaori’s eyes seemed to swim for a while, before she forced a smile back onto her face.



“You were sleeping, how do you say?… crucified to a cross… while being drifted through the sky?”



“Eh, crucified?



After hearing it in detail, it seemed the Hajime had used the opportunity to bring Shizuku back to her room as a form of training, practicing with gravity stones to bring her back without waking her. It could be said that getting the balance right in order to prevent her from being jarred awake would be a burden worthy of being trained.



In addition, she ended up in Kaori’s room because Hajime had no clue where hers was.



“Even so… why a cross?”



“It spreads the body out like a sphere, so that mistakes won’t jar the body as much, so it’s easier to make adjustments, so you sleep.”



“Even if you say that… isn’t that a sort of unpleasant sleep…”



Shizuku’s cheeks twitch convulsively. A vein floats over her forehead, the heat in her chest turning ice cold. Kaori deepens her wry smile.



By the way, the state of Shizuku’s crucifixion was witness by a group of passing soldiers. Like the image of Christ on the cross hanging in churches on the earth, it had an effect on people. The number of Shizuku fans increased exponentially due to the mystique of that image, but that was better left unsaid right now.



As Shizuku burned in silent anger, there was a sound from down below. It appeared to be the voice of someone familiar. It was the voice of a woman. Kaori glances out the window.



“It’s somewhat noisy? What’s going on?”



”…there’s an encounter… Shia and Arutena (Translation Note: Yeah, I didn’t remember her either. She was an elf saved by Hajime after being enslaved by the Hoelscher Empire). A fight this early in the morning. Something ought to be done.”



“What kind of fight?”



“Well, I’m not sure how to explain it, something quarrel-like? It’s early, let’s go see!”



Without understanding, Kaori sums up and explains the event while urging Shizuku to follow her downstairs.



Apparently, the pair had started fighting regarding something to do with Hajime. After some unheard comment, Shia had exploded and the pair started wrestling. Shia was currently using a cobra twist on Arutena in the middle of a dining area.



Shia seemed to be using professional wrestling techniques on the granddaughter of Alfrerick. She was practically a princess! An estranged girl from the rejected rabbit group was using violence on the daughter of one of the strongest forces in Fair Bergen. In a normal situation, this would be an immediate reason for execution.



However, the rabbit family had changed their luck of recent.



In other words, they were now known as the “head-hunting” rabbit family.



Solving the situation with her skill, Shia spit out vicious words about Arutena daring to keep approaching Hajime, and so she met Arutena crudely and with violence, causing her to crumble. Shia was aware of Arutena’s behavior. Though no one would have expected the treasured princess to approach Hajime in the first place, but still…



“Oraoraoraoraora! If you want me to stop, don’t make eyes at my Hajime!”



“Ah, ah, ah! This is shameful!”



Apparently, Arutena did not seem too discouraged from continuing to follow Hajime, even at the hands of Shia’s wrestling techniques.



Arutena was tossed upside down and put on Shia’s shoulder. Professional wrestling technique – kinniku buster! Expanding her splendid legline to the max, Shia lifted Arutena inversely, exposing her groin area. Her undergarments were made bare, defiling her purity and innocence unexpectedly.



By the way, Hajime was still in the dining room. There were also several employees of the dining area and two skiki maids with Arutena. Everyone was flustered except for Hajime.



“Ko… is this okay? That’s the princess… being treated this way.”



“Is she really the princess? Would she wear such an expression?”



“…Ah… that… Somehow, she seems happy?”



Shizuku asked the question after heading down from the room she had stayed overnight, while Kaori’s expression twitched at the sight in front of her. Kaori made it a response by pointing to Arutena’s face.



Her face was certainly dyed red, but the edges of her eyes seemed to be shining with excitement. Arutena’s expression almost seemed to give out a happy atmosphere.



Though the other party was giving her extreme humiliation… it still seemed like she was following her heart and it was not all together bad.



“You’re going to be obstinate, how about this!”



“Ko…this time, such disgrace.”



Shia had run out of pity as Arutena refused to say she’d stop approaching Hajime. Even before the kinniku buster throw had brought her to the ground, as Arutena fell, Shia kicked out her foot, rolling and bringing her body up. It was the so-called Romero Special.



While rolling, Arituna’s skirt flies up, ruining the grandeur and her once graceful tone. However, her expression still wore a determined look, which invalidated Shia’s persuasive power.



Because Shia’s position, she wasn’t able to see the expression on Arutena’s face. Therefore, she believed that Arutena was sufficiently punished. Everyone in the place was already mind boggled that Arutena wore a pleased expression. “This daughter… she’s already been beaten up but is still pleased?” This put a perplexed expression on everyone’s face.



“I see, something quarrel-like indeed.”



“Yes… you’d like to think even… Tio found a like-minded friend, but this seems a little different.”



Shizuku wore a face of agreement, while Kaori saw something pitiable. In fact, Tio, an oddity in and of herself, seemed to be watching Arutena with affection, like a master watching over the growth of her pupil. Her look seemed to hold sympathy and joy over finding a compatriot. Hajime and Yue sat down in a seat opposite of hers, while holding looks of disgust.



Tired of this scene, Hajime opened his mouth toward Shia and offered words that damaged Arutena to the very limit.



“Shia, stop wasting your time on nothing.”



“Say, Hajime, I won’t stop. I’m just reducing the number of rivals. The princess decided to refuse. She also seemed a little too conscious of her wants. I took the initiative to strike first!”



Shia shifted into a reverse boston crab, apparently intending to nip this rival in the bud. While putting her into another shameful place, Arutena lets out a painful, but somewhat glad, scream. The appearance of a princess was completely lost. The maids and employees tried to escape reality, their souls hanging out of their mouths, ready to escape.



Hajime turned his eyes on Tio with a flat expression, and then he dipped some bread into his vegetable soup and put it into his mouth before standing up with a reluctant sigh.



While collecting the glances of everyone in the dining room, he moved over to Shia and pulled her arm and Arutena’s foot, separating the two.



The drawn Shia immediately settles into Hajime’s arms. Kaori and Shizuku meet the scene with blank expressions while letting out a stupid “oh!” noise.



Hajime disregarded them. And quietly whispered something into Shia’s rabbit ears, causing her eyes to widen in bewilderment.



“Shia, Is Yue your rival?”



“What?” Yue? That’s not right. Yue is special…that.”



While embracing the puzzled Shia especially strongly, Hajime tried to persuade Shia.



“There already is no rival to you. At least, I don’t intend to talk to other women at the same level I talk to Shia. It’s impossible to compare Arutena and Shia together. I give you my priority, my special treatment.”



“Ha… Hajime…”



To the word “special” that Hajime unexpectedly whispered, Shia dyed red momentarily. It wasn’t exactly what Hajime said, but the conviction behind the words that showed Hajime’s change in attitude since some nights ago.



In other words, Yue was “special” from everyone else. No one could be in the same line as her, but there isn’t only one special person for Hajime, not only Yue can be special.



To be told this, with no special situation, in the middle of a dining room at noon was a complete surprise. While wearing an embarrassed expression, Shia’s blush deepened. Everyone else except Yue had stiffened with similar leers as Hajime comforted Shia.



“That, Shia. With regard to Arutena, Do you think that applies to you?”



“What? Eh? I?”



Shia responded with confusion as her back was patted softly.



Arutena had covered her face with both hands, embarrassed by the pink space she suddenly found herself right next to. However, she’s peeking out from an opening in her fingers, her eyes trembling restlessly with just a hint of shame.



“After all, I clawing… after all, it’s Hajime.”



“Chi, it’s different! I don’t think of Shia badly. But I want to talk to Shia without reserve!!!”



“Oh…”



Shia pulls away from Arutena, then goes back to clinging to Hajime. Such a thing is a professional wrestling skill, obviously. Shia realized she had turned Arutena abnormal unintentionally as she applied a shameful joint technique.



Tio was giving Arutena a look of admiration. Shia noticed, it was indeed a smile of approval.



A new abnormal had been awakened. Shia turned her gaze to Arutena, while floating a disturbed expression.



“Another transformation…”



“This is different! Shia misunderstands! I really just want to get along well with Shia!”



“You do? What? Me?”



Shia was asking nervously as Arutena vented her emotions.



According to Arutena, apparently, this.



Arutena is a princess in Fair Bergen. Since she’s the granddaughter of Alfrerick, a high level person in the community, she is treated as a noble existence between the families. Therefore, she’s always been handled carefully by others.



The result goes without saying. Brought up as a gentle girl with a kind heart, she received a good education and was loved by many, however, she was always given special treatment. She was given first priority, practically worshiped by boys and girls of the same age. There was nothing on equal terms with anyone.



Surrounded by people who’d always treat her gently, she began to feel lonely. She began to feel admiration. She always wanted a close friend, someone who could exchange opinions without restraint.



However, it was the obstinacy and result of the rivalry with Shia, that impacted Arutena the most. It was an impact to her body as well as an impact to her mind. A girl the same age as her treated Arutena mercilessly. It exposed those feelings with ever hit, physical and by word. After the shock, she absent mindedly and unintentionally felt joy.



And, so she thought, someone from the same age group, it might be possible… to become best friends with someone who can put the nature of her family aside. It seemed wonderful.



“Because, I’m ashamed to say, that when I got near Hajime, Shia would pay attention to me.”



“Well, you can’t get attention like you’re a dog…”



“There it is… handled as a dog…me”



“Oh… you react with just that?”



To Arutena, there is blush on her cheeks from a strange gladness for being treated like a dog. Shia wears an “After all…” expression. Arutena sits up, panicking a bit, stretching her hand out to Shia quietly while standing up nervously.



“So, then, if you say so, will you be my friend? Can you answer me?”



“…Somehow, this confession makes me itch… if you just want to be friends, I can’t think of a reason to refuse.”



Shia was disgusted a bit while thinking “it’s still a princess”. She took Arutena’s hand for a handshake, and Arutena wore an amazed expression. Arutena’s look turned to a smile, pleased at the unexpected development. Meanwhile, everyone else wore stiff and uncomfortable expressions.



“?”



When Shia tries to separate her hand, “Huh?”, she inclines her neck. Why won’t Arutena let go of her hand?



“Uh, Arutena-san? My hand…”



“Oh, please drop the honorifics, just call me Arutena! And I’ll call you Shia! Since we are best friends, this is normal!” (Translation note: I’m really bad about catching honorifics, so just assume most people are using –san -sama ect…”



They went from becoming friends to best friends in five seconds. Really? This is the daughter of a large figure in Fair Bergen, after all. Shia began to have a cold sweat, while Arutena blushed at telling Shia as much.



“So, Shia, what technique will you use this time?”



“Eh?”



“It is very shameful, and strange pain even becomes numb… however Shia’s warmth is transmitted. Because I’m Shia’s best friend, you can use your various techniques on me. We can play more!”



At that moment, Shia shook off Arutena’s hand with a zuzazaza- and retreated back to a wall, cold sweat flowing down her face.



“Na… What best friends? Isn’t this just a pervert, you really did change!”



“Such a thing! I only want to spend as much time as I can with Shia before she leaves tomorrow!”



“Then, what comes with “wanting to play”!”



To this dangerous Arutena, Shia’s rabbit ears were bristling. Hajime held a smiling expression, and Shia had her mouth gaped.



“Indeed, this is my Shia, who shares the hardship of others.”



“The first half of your words are wonderful, but I other half sound unpleasant!”



To a comparatively cruel excuse of experiencing hardship of a locked-on abnormality (Arutena), Shia became watery eyed. Apparently, Hajime doesn’t intend to help at all.



Arutena approached Shia who is pressed up against the wall. She’s wore a smile that said “Let’s continue with what we started a while ago.”



Being the opposite of pleased and suppressed by this power, Shia turned and opened a window with a “ban” sound, leaping from the room with a jump and running away like an escaping rabbit. She apparently planned to escape from public until things cooled down.



“Ah? Shia! Where did you go? Wait for me!”



To Shia’s actions, Arutena acted like a woman whose lover just deserted her, leaping through the window while executing a physical strength on par with what Shia did. She started running off with a “shitatatata” sound on her feet. Shia turned back and saw Arutena. Giving a shout, “Hiii!?”, she bolted off toward the downtown of Fair Bergen.



The two disappeared from sight with surprising swiftness. Everyone was left staring at the scene, Hajime at the head, with feelings that could only be described as stupefied.



Meanwhile, the form of a girl advanced on Hajime.



“….Hajime… A while ago, what did you mean by what you said to Shia?” Kaori demanded.



Problems just always seemed to outbreak around Hajime.





Chapter 135




After the clear affection that Hajime showed Shia, Kaori approached him with a strange sway in her step.



“….Hajime….What was that a little while ago? I wonder?



An impossible shadow floated across her face, with no discernable light source as the cause. Just her eyes darkened. Combined with her chilly look, it had a terrible effect.



“Though it hurts to think about… Did Shia really become someone “special” too? When? Why? What caused this?”



To Kaori’s interrogation, Hajime gave a wry smile while scratching his cheek.



“Well, what to say… Although I can’t say it’s within the same line as Yue… somehow or other, I have started to desire an exclusive possession for Shia. There was Yue’s advice too, and so I decided to treat Shia in suitable manner. There was nothing in particular that changed.”



“So, it’s… romantic feelings for Shia?”



“I’m not sure… It feels different. But I think you can call it love?”



Actually, Hajime could not help by incline his neck as if asking whether these feelings for Shia were in fact romantic.



To Yue, his heart throbbed, and he felt passion that flew in the face of reason, which wasn’t the same with Shia. Besides the burning feelings for Yue, he felt a quieter, softer one when it came to Shia. Once putting it into words, he realized it might really be love.



He’d always have feelings that burned like the sun for the always quiet Yue, however, the sweet and innocent Shia was like the moon. It was a very mysterious thought. They were contrasting feelings, but it was clearly more than simple affection. However, since the feelings were subtle, Hajime was at a loss on how to explain.



The entire dining room quieted as Hajime’s feelings were expressed. Shizuku wore a complicated expression, while Yue and Tio wore slightly gentle-looks while they continued to eat sweet cake, and as for Kaori, who had started this cross-examination…



“… Yes, I understand.”



She wore a content face, a happy smile forming for some reason.



Even if Yue’s position didn’t change, this was proof that there was still room in Hajime’s heart. That smile was for an important friend who managed to accomplish this. Though finding out had disturbed her and still pressed in unconsciously, she understood that the distance between Hajime could be crossed and smiled as a result.



Of course, she felt envy. There were smoldering feelings, even at this very moment. However, she had fully realized the situation based on the journey so far. If there was time to do such a thing, it was good sense to show yourself in a favorable light.



As Kaori moves through her vivid feelings, she figured half of Hajime’s feelings were a result of Shia’s natural virtues. Kaori really liked Shia’s strength and diligence. She could be happy for a friend.



Somehow, those feelings were picked up, causing Hajime to show an embarrassed look before he reached out and rubbed her cheeks muni-style.



“Fe? Ha… Hajime?”



“It’s not really a big deal.”



“Eh? What is it?”



Kaori, who became glad for some reason, asked with a smile, not understanding.



However, Hajime didn’t answer. While having an expression as if he was giving up silently, he went full muni of Kaori’s cheeks. (Translation edit: Doesn’t he know you never go full Muni!) Then she turns her eyes to Yue.



Yue had seen the rising affection for Shia in Hajime’s eyes, and she wore a small smile while giving her nod of approval.



Tearing off a piece of bread, she gave Hajime a mysterious smile before dipping it into her soup and then tossing it had Kaori like a brick.



Becha! The bread stuck to Kaori’s temple with a sodden sound, clinging to her temple. It quickly transmitted the implication, “It has been decided and you have no involvement.” Kaori wore a cramped cheek, pulling off the bread while wearing a dark smile before performing leaping attack at Yue.



“Yu-e!”



“… Stop. Wasted Effort. Just tuck your tail and go home.”



Yue avoided Kaori’s strike by escaping through the window Shia had jumped through. Looking back over her shoulder, she gave a grin. It held the feeling like “Try catching something outside of your reach.”



That “uuuu!” Raising a vexed voice, Kaori chases after. Her silver wings unfolded and she took to the sky. Is their relationship good or bad…? At least Yue seemed to like the interaction with Kaori.



The people left behind stared on in an absent-minded state.



“Hmmm, finally, master has surrendered to Shia, too. In that case, the time in which he falls for mistress and Kaori’s charm grows ever closer.”



Tio drawed up her unnatural chest, the brutal double hills protruding with a Bachikon! The sound seemed to have an effect on the room. Amorousness overflowed from her body, in particular, the remaining men suddenly become more slouchy.



However, that sex appeal was let loose on Hajime specifically.



“Putting aside Kaori, you have no chance.”



“Haa… haaa… so intense… from master… breaking my hopes… piercing adequately, mistresses’ weakness… haa… haaa!!”



Her body started shaking from Hajime’s word, her thighs fidgeting as she hugged herself. The sensual atmosphere this gave was incomparable to the sex appeal from moments before.



However, the slouching appearance of the men from earlier withered quickly. This was because of the unpleasant look on Tio’s face. This killed the mood. (Translation Note: Yes, I find freaky hot girls in the throes of ecstasy to be a real turn off… oh to be in light novel-land!)



Shizuku caught Hajime’s strange remark, which seemed to casually suggest that Kaori was in the same category as Shia.



(Then as for me… Hey, what do I have to do with any of this! Kaori seems to be taken good care of. That is enough and, yes, there is nothing else to conclude!)



Standing in a corner of the room, Shizuku’s face scrunches up in one comical face after another. Everyone else is focused on Tio. A few gave Hajime brooding or evil expressions. Hajime gave another sigh. Meanwhile, the chases continued on outside.



For noon time in Fair Bergen, it was very noisy compared to the usual tranquility.



__________________________________________



“Uu, I encountered such cruel eyes…”



It sounded from a forest corner of Fair Bergen, the complaint shining with the orange of the evening sun.



In a plaza set off a little way in the town, many tables had been set. There was a fountain using spring water in the center. Usually a place for people to rest, none of the residents were out right now, concerned with other matters. Only Hajime and Shia remained there. All the other members were gone, making preparations for travel.



Hajime sat down at one of the tables in the deserted open space, giving Shia a nod in acceptance of her hard work and training. The cause, of course, was the attack from Arutena. Shia had been chased to exhaustion by someone who used animal-like perception rather than physical strength, likely only stopped by her grandfather’s intervention.



As Hajime watched her drooping rabbit ears, he couldn’t help but burst into laughter. Those ears started to twitch violently.



“Please don’t enjoy it. It was seriously scary!”



“Don’t say that. It’s great to find a friend your age. Isn’t it good you got to play fully?”



“I can’t lie to you, but can you really call that playing, or that kind of relationship friends? I think I understand what Hajime is going through with Tio now, huh? How should I say… being liked doesn’t feel bad, but it’s exhausting?”



The fatigue caused Shia to droop once again.



Hajime felt sympathy for Shia, giving her a node. He understood better than anyone how the goodwill he provided toward Tio was not the extent of a mere transformation. Tio’s desire to not be defeated by Shia and Yue was strong. Therefore, Hajime felt tired, a regrettable reality of his true feelings.



Hajime’s expression softly turned into a smile, and he lifted up a hand quietly. He gave Shia a kind pat, soothing her rabbit ears. As Hajime fawned over one of her ears, Shia trembled offering her other ear.



He had both wonderful rabbit ears wrapped up in his hand, his cheeks blooming. The sweet sound of him stroking her ears with his fingers leaked out, the sweetness transmitting into the neighboring air and wrapping Shia and Hajime up in a sweet space.



Hiding her face in her blueish white hair, she speaks in a whispered voice.



“… Hajime… The… thing is, that, it’s daytime… that…”



The voice was fraught with expectation that can’t hide shamefulness. It was obvious what she wanted to say. She just wanted to be clear.



Hajime rose from his seat with a noise and moved next to Shia, where he sat down. Shia noticed the sign and twitched while turning her face down, her body still shaken. She was pursued by Hajime gently, who turned Shia’s shoulders towards him. He held her powerfully just like that.



Shia’s face, held by Hajime, boiled up completely red. Her pupils, full of light, were moistened. The maiden’s eyes were too pretty, looking up at Hajime, overflowing with affection.



“…. Shia, it was you who said “The future isn’t absolute,” certainly it’s like that.”



“Ah….”



“It was the thing Shia had said to Hajime long ago when she wanted to travel with them. A once-in-a-lifetime confession, words of answer that Shia long since believed were impossible. Absolutely, these words of determination turned to Hajime.



“Shia… now, you haven’t confirmed your feelings.”



There was still Yue who was “special”. Is she really even good enough to hear such a thing? Shia was afraid of confirming.



“I love Shia very much… I do not want to lose her to anybody.”



Even though the words were selfish, his desire leaked from them. Shia’s eyes increased in heat, she let out a hot breath like a dragon.



“There is not chance I want to let you go, so please decide. Shia is my woman!”



“…. Yes…. Yes… I am Hajime’s woman!”



While tears fell down her cheeks and her body lips tightened, she wore a smile. It was a blooming, energetic, full smile. No, a smile that was many times more beautiful and lovelier than anything preceding it. Surely, if other men saw Shia today, their hearts would race and their blood pressure would rise just by this look.



In it, Hajime was no exception. The love within him spiked and he hugged Shia tightly, taking her lips against his own.



“Nu…. mmmm…”



At Hajime’s beckon, rejoicing tears fell from Shia. Her body lightened like cotton candy, a sweet sigh leaking from her. Her body burst with heat like the Guryuen Labyrinth as if she’d start melting at any moment.



“…. Ah…. Hajime…”



A silver bridge hung from their parting lips separated with only a breath. The embarrassed Shia lowers her eyes. Her usual cheerfulness is overridden by a terrific loveliness. It was a charm that could hold a man captive in a way that matched even Yue’s mysterious beauty.



Shia’s pink lips opened slightly, her tongue moving with a chirochrio (abundance?). Her pupils give him an upward glance. A look that said… “more”.



Hajime smiled, looking at the lovely pleading Shia. His lips met hers again as his hand touched her cheek.



At that point, an impatient voice suddenly spoke up.



“Fuhya, to start doing that that… those two… and outside!”



“Shh! Suzu, you’re being too loud!”



“Shizuku-chan is being too kind when it comes to Hajime.”



“…. Everyone is being too noisy, you’ll embarrass Shia.”



To those familiar voices, Shia separated her lips with a gasped and turned her gaze to those who were talking.



Shia, becoming aware of the group, lost the mood. “Wait, oh, that!” as a people fell from the corner of the flower bed where the plaza was enclosed.



Falling on top of each other, Kouki, Ryuutaro, Suzu, Shizuku, and Kaori were there. Yue let out a sigh, appearing from behind. Tio appeared as well, floating an interesting smile. Apparently, they had all been hiding to watch the love affair between Shia from cover.



While getting up in a hurry, the group blushed. Suzu and Shizuku didn’t seem to be able to look directly at Shia and Hajime.



“To see, see… and everyone, how long have you been there….”



Shia was shaking, her face turning deep red like an explosion. The one who answer the question directed at Suzu turned out to be Hajime.



“It was since I was playing with Shia’s ears.”



“That’s not the beginning, everyone saw… yet you still say it like that…”



Shia hit Hajime repeatedly out of a sense of shame. Tears form in her eyes, but they had different meaning from a moment ago.



“Why do you want to hide it? It was good timing, and I didn’t want to miss the chance.”



“I did not want to miss it either… but even so…”



Shia’s spirit was dampened by Hajime’s blankly nice manner, further causing her to feel embarrassed, yet also happy.



As usual, Tio speaks up while floating a smile at such a Shia.



“Please, how was it? How was the taste of passion from master? Nn? Tell this mistress a little, how is Shia’s happy embarrassment?”



“Speak for yourself, pervert.”



Tio had put her arm around Shia and then suddenly she collapsed from a strike to the back of the head. Her finger twitched, moving into a point, and it was drawn to… “So it was Yue”. Yue had chucked a lump of ice mercilessly at her head unexpectedly.



“Yue…”



“…. Shia.”



Shia had glanced back at Yue, who was giving Tio a cold look as Tio pointed at her. After Yue dismissed Tio, she gave Shia a patient look. And then she smiled lightly, both of her hands opening.



“… Come.”



“…. Yue, now.”



Shia jumped into Yue’s chest. She clinged to Yue, with the size of a child but the stability of a woman. Yue patted her head with a look of kind affection while she hugged Shia in turn.



“… Yue, I… finally!”



“Nn… you worked hard. Good child.



“I love Yue, much the same!”



Shia echoed and then wept for joy. Shia was understood. However much Hajime thought someone to be important, it was ultimately up to Yue, whom was “just as himself”. Without worrying about Hajime, anyone else would be an “other” to Yue.



Yue treated Shia like a younger sister. She, the older sister, had watched her younger sister working hard. Moreover, the feelings of Hajime, which were stubborn, were finally accepted. It was a joyous event that Yue accepted sincerely, the value of Shia, and her right to her feelings…



“Is Yue not bothered?”



Unintentionally, Hajime muttered with a sullen face as Shia happily pressed her face against Yue’s breast. The younger sister who depends too much is reluctant. Like a good older sister does not baby, both people wore an expression of contentment that looked heartwarming overall.



“Tio, next will be our turns, let’s work hard.”



“Of course, I dream of the day that I am attacked by husband and worked hard.”



“… you can’t act like… Tio.”



Tio was in the state of collapsing while Kaori was talking while poking her. Tio revived with her eyes shining with hope. In the surroundings, Koaki, and Ryuutaro were looking at each other awkwardly, while Suzu looked at Shia and Hajime with an unreadable expression.



Do they need to encourage each other? Hajime opened a mouth with a troubled smile after hearing Kaori’s words.



“Please don’t tempt me so much…”



“!!” X2



Kaori and Tio look at Hajime with surprise, their eyes shining like stars. There was no other meaning to that… their dropped confidence recovering quickly.



Hajime had no intention to accept a partner who Yue didn’t like at all, but he couldn’t think Yue would value people that she constantly fought with. Of course, now that Shia has been accepted, there already is someone “besides Yue”, and the declining complaint of their being only one isn’t in common use.



The main points is that Hajime has recognized two people as important. To the degree which forgets itself when there are others.



Though Shia doesn’t have a monopoly on his desire, it was still declared that Hajime accepted Shia and had a place in his heart. This meant things were not helpless for the others.



And at that time, Yue wore a pleased expression, Kaori and Tio’s eyes were sparkly while Suzu watched on nervously. Everyone’s eyes seemed to meet restlessly.



Hajime opened his mouth without knowing what was going through Suzu’s mind, suppressing Kaori and Tio.



“And? What are a couple of peeping toms doing together? You’re a bit early for supper. So what is your business?”



“Well, that… we met Yue accidently, and we…”



Shizuku gives a perplexed expression to Suzu. It seems like Suzu had noticed something unusual regarding Hajime. They seemed to have joined Yue accidently when she was looking for Hajime.



Hajime shot Suzu a dubious look. Suzu stepped forward toward such a Hajime.



“Nagumo-san, You see, take Suzu to the next large labyrinth, please!”



Because he thought Kouki would be the one making that kind of request, he was surprised when it was Suzu that was the first to beg.



“Suzu, that…”



“Kouki, this is about me. Therefore, this is an individual request for Suzu. Please don’t butt in!”



After Suzu returned from the labyrinth, Kouki possessed a gloomy atmosphere in response to her words, but with no strength to retaliate, he stopped. So it was not everyone, but Suzu specifically.



“Even if you don’t accompany, I’ll help bring us back to Japan anyway, and I said I can provide strengthening artifacts so that you can become strong, is that okay?”



“Yes, it is certainly so…, but, as for Nagumo, you won’t lend a hand to Eri?”



“… Is it Nakamura…? Well, it is so. It’s possible I’d shoot her on sight on instinct. She is one of the reasons Kaori was killed.”



Suzu floats an embarrassed smile towards Hajime’s bitter expression.



“It is so, However, I want to meet her and talk. Therefore, I need power. So I want to challenge the large labyrinth again. And no matter how the result becomes, when you come out, you’ll probably end up in the territory of the demons.”



“Suzu, that is…”



Shizuku grabbed Suzu’s shoulders instinctively. No true friend would allow another to go into the demon territory alone.



However, Suzu was overcome with her strength of will, and there wasn’t a single doubt in the look she gave to Shizuku as she held her shoulders.



On the other hand, she was convinced that if she traveled with Hajime, she’d have the chance to persuade Eri. If she accompanied Hajime to the source of the ice and snow labyrinth, they’d end up in the so-called demon king castle, which seems to be where Eri was held up.



Anyway, the ice and snow labyrinth is east of the south continent. The country Garland, the stronghold of the demons, was in the central southern continent.



Suzu knew that it was impossible for Hajime to be concerned about Eri, therefore Suzu understand it and knew Hajime might not wait for Eri to come around before leaving. Therefore, she’d talk to Eri until Hajime found out how they could return, and the best way to get that chance was by accompanying them to the ice and snow labyrinth.



When Suzu turned her eyes back to Hajime from Shizuku, she asked earnestly with a tone that suggested desperation.



“And if, if it’s possible to collect Eri with that, if Eri wants forgiveness… in that case can you return us to Japan together. Please! Please, I beg you!”



“……”



Suzu’s screaming plea echoed, no one could say anything and everyone was silent.



Honestly, for Hajime, he remembered the look on Eri’s face. The spectacle when Kaori fell was recalled at this moment, and only murderous intent sprang with thoughts of Eri.



It was selfish that Suzu did things this way regarding Eri. However, the thought of cooperating felt like a small bone stuck in his throat. The girl named Eri Nakamura was already an enemy to Hajime.



However, even if it’s so, the request of Suzu was done with all of her heart. It was the eyes of the ascribable Kaori as to why Hajime possessed so much urge to kill Eri. Those eyes said something, conveying their own thoughts and meanings.



At that time, the long silent Kouki opened his mouth.



“Nagumo, I must also ask. I am the cause of what happened to Eri. Even though it might be unpleasant, I must speak with Eri. I can’t let Suzu go along to the demon territory. In it…”



Kouki had to strongly bit his lip, his fist grasped giving words with a slightly depressed atmosphere.



“As it is, it is not possible to end. Shizuku was also able to obtain the age of gods magic. I, uh… if we keep following, we’ll surely obtain power. If it is not such a mean place full of mental attacks, even I should be able to capture it. A large labyrinth where it goes this time, is a place even those demons can capture. Then, surely I can!”



“Kouki…”



To the appearance of Kouki, with his clapped trembling fist and dark atmosphere, Shizuku watched him with anxious eyes. Shizuku remembered the look of shock on Kouki when she was able to obtain the age of gods magic and he was not. Therefore, though he took care not to let it show, to a childhood friend he could not conceal his uneasiness.



“Oh certainly, I can’t let Suzu go alone. When it came to Eri, given Nagumo’s character, I have to ask too.”



“Ryuutaro too, Haa, well, it doesn’t fit to let Suzu go alone. Nagumo-san… whether it is possible to ask…”



It didn’t really matter if it was Kouki or Suzu, if a companion was going, Ryuutaro would cheerfully come too. Though her eyebrows were lowered to the character of eight from embarrassed towards such a Ryuutaro, Shizuku smiled like she was welcomed by Kouki now. Next, Shizuku bowed, seeming to apologize to Hajime.



Hajime turned his eyes to Suzu with a desperate look to the decision of Shizuku, nearly brought to tears. Kouki who had some returned feeling, Ryuutaro who was a muscle brain, Kouki and Kaori who worried about Shizuku, who worried about Suzu as a childhood friend, and finally he threw back a loud sigh.



And, Yue, and Shia, and Tio’s eyes, and they had opened their mouths and were nodding as if to say they understood the unpleasantness of having to make this request.



“… If I get even a little of hostility, I’ll shoot to kill…”



“Of course, Nagumo-san, thank you!”



Suzu, who managed to get consent, looked wiped out, her face bright with the expression of thanks. Shizuku also expressed thanks.



Because he’d need to invent concept magic that would prevent a re-summon in addition to the magic that would allow them to return to their world in the first place, Hajime was thinking that it would take a while to return anyway, even after getting the last piece of magic.



Whatever Suzu did would not be an obstacle for his return, so he didn’t think there was any reason to not accept. However, the thought of Eri reforming and returning, Hajime did not think it was possible, and if she did get in his way, he would shoot her to death seriously.



Eventually, Hajime should take Suzu to the last large labyrinth and decided to permit it as it did not give him any problems in particular. With his own magic rising thanks to sublimation magic, it shouldn’t create any problems.



Ignoring Suzu, who had a new sense of purpose, and the sweet feelings that came with it. Hajime smiled to himself. Yue and the other nestled close to such a Hajime.



“… Nn, a magnanimous Hajime is cute.”



“Indeed, this is a Hajime to be proud of.”



“After all, master is tsundere.”



“Getting… hehe, thank you, Hajime.”



From each, warmly treating Hajime, he glanced away. And Yue and the others laughed happily to see it.



This place of gods and demons was interesting, but it seemed like they were reaching the final stretch.





Chapter 136




Gliding across the clouds and glistening in the sunlight, the airship Ferner could be seen unopposed in the sky.



“As far as the eye can see it’s an ocean of clouds.” Shia muttered while looking outside the window of the bridge.



“…. the Shunee (Schnee) snowfield is always covered in an overcast sky. The outside is frigid.” Yue explained while nodding.



The Shunee snowfield and Risen Large Canyon divided the south continent in half. On the eastern side sat the heavy snow field, which was covered in cloudy weather throughout the year, so even during periods when it doesn’t snow, the earth remains smothered in snow and ice.



East of the Sea of Trees caught between the demon country of Garland and the southern continent is this mysterious place of snow and ice. Strangely, neither the Sea of Trees nor the country of Garland are touched by snow or ice, as if the boundary was cut with an impassible wall.



The interior of the snowfield houses a considerably large gorge, likely formed from the ice and the snow. The last of the large labyrinths should be at the tip of the gorge, the Shunee Snow Cave. Normally, an adventurer would be worn down by the cold on their way towards reaching the tip, making it a perfect location for the labyrinth.



Hajime had known of the snow cave’s location ever since his conversation with Miredi. Make no mistake, he understood it was a great labyrinth. However, a super convenient tool named airship allowed him to skim over the clouds in relative comfort.



“Master, is the compass working properly?” Tio asked.



Hajime was holding a compass the size of his palm in one hand.



He had received it from Luluo Haltina, a compass designed with concept magic to show him “the place he desired”. In which case, it was pointed straight for the Shunee cave with pinpoint accuracy.



“Ah. It’s okay. This is wonderful. The needle doesn’t just face in the direction I want, I also get a sense of the exact location and distance as well, somehow.”



“Is that so? So it seems to understand where the place is specifically. It must be hard to describe how that works.”



Kaori agreed with Hajime’s words of admiration. When they were in Fair Bergen, he tried an experiment by marking specific coordinates using the compass. The exact geo-location was determined in some complicated way. The power of this concept magic was shocking; he rejoiced that he could even feel the existence of his hometown in Japan.



Of course, the coordinates vanished as the power demands increased exponentially. The consumption of magic increased proportionally to the distance of what you’re looking for. To locate a coordinate on Earth, all of Hajime’s power was used in one go. Fortunately, he barely avoided fainting by supplementing his power just before it dried up.



Shia returned from the window, approaching the sofa Hajime was sitting at. To Hajime’s right, Yue always clung. The left side was the place the Shia had originally sat. So she abandoned the window and hopped over, a perplexed look on her face.



As Hajime watched her suspiciously from the side of his eyes, Shia appeared nervous and fidgety. She seemed to feel nervous now that Hajime had formally begun to treat her as his lover, becoming more embarrassed at unreservedly clinging to him.



Hajime’s expression softened at the appearance of the beautiful figure of Shia, grabbing her hand and pulling her to sit next to himself.



“Ah…”



“Don’t be embarrassed now, we’ve already been seen.”



“… Shia is cute.”



Hajime laughs as she shows an amazed expression, meanwhile Yue warmly speaks through narrowed eyes. Though Kaori is giving an envious look, she also nods in agreement at Yue’s words.



Tio gave a perverted smile while moving to sit next to Shia on the sofa.



“Kuku… certainly Shia has become cuter. So how was your first night? Was it painful… or did it feel good? Why don’t you let us know? Hora… hora… let us know…”



“What are you saying? It’s impossible to answer!”



“What is it? So Master’s performance so poor you can’t say? Yes?”



“That isn’t true! Instead it was amazing… many times… wait, what are you getting me to say!”



As Shia was suggesting, during their last night in Fair Bergen, Shia and Hajime has spent the night together. Yue had prevented any peeping toms, including a certain Sea of Trees princess she needed to spank, which left the princes writhing in ecstasy on the ground.



Shia covered her face with her hands, hiding her shame. It seemed to have various meanings after her impactful first night. It was an inevitability as you could say Hajime was a warrior with a long military service. Needless to say, it was Yue who turned him into the super soldier he is today.



While licking her lips, Yue gave a bewitching smile that suggested that with “three of them”, the erotic vampire princess would be “included next time”, her eyes showing her worldly desires. While holding Shia, he glanced over at the companion he had turned, and gave Tio a demonic flick on the forehead.



Pow! It hit with a terrific sound, and everyone continued to ignore Tio as she writhed on the floor wearing an expression of ecstasy.



“It’d be good if we could finish the great labyrinths. I want to meet up with Myuu again soon.”



To avoid the embarrassing mood, Shia changed the subject while wearing a bright expression and laughing in desperation, but Hajime quickly moves things back on target.



“In addition, we should make time for Kam (TN: Her father).”



“Hajime…”



Hajime gently patted Shia’s head, his eyes wrought with worry. Shia shakes her head with a soft smile to reassure him.



As a matter of fact, Hajime had offered to take Kam with them when he left for Earth shortly after they had fought the empire, but received a curt reply. As he had predicted, Kam and rest of them had answered no, determined to protect the name of the Haulia tribe and fight until the bitter end.



It was decided then that Shia would separate from her family. Hajime gave a sigh. He was unable to refute Kam, who gave a happy smile while saying “It’s enough if you keep Shia happy”, which showed his resolve as a father. It may end up being possible to come and go between worlds; however, they did not yet know the limits of the concept magic, and it was also possible that the mad gods may interfere, making it extremely difficult. Moreover, he wanted to spend his last days in this world with family.



Shia sympathized with his feelings, showing him a bright smile.



“I’ve said my goodbyes to father, and although it breaks my heart, I’m happy, and I’ll be even more happy in the future.”



“Is that so?”



“Yes! Fufu… I realized this when I saw you with Myuu, you’re overprotective when it comes to family, you know.”



Shia gave an amused laugh under her breath, matching Yue’s bright look while mischievously embracing Hajime’s arm.



“… Nn, we mustn’t depend on Hajime’s kindness too much.”



“Ahaha, certainly, it won’t be good if we depend too much on Hajime.”



To Kaori, who wore a sulky expression while looking around uncomfortably, Hajime could say nothing as he came off more like a womanizer.



The side door opened, and Kouki’s group entered. Kouki and the rest had been training using the artifacts Hajime had provided them, and it seemed like they were taking a break. They took seats in another sofa, while ignoring Tio, whom had a swollen forehead and a gross look on her face.



“So, how are the artifacts, are you getting used to them?”



“Ah, it’s surprising. The output has been doubled, the added benefits will be very useful.”



To Hajime’s question, Kouki wore a complicated expression while patting the holy sword sitting at his waist, acknowledging the increase in strength.



“While being able to walk through the air is odd, it’s seriously amazing. It will be really useful once we get used to it, not even mentioning the ability to increase and decrease weight.”



“Suzu also is extremely pleased with it. It seems far easier to use now. Thank you, Hajime-kun!”



“I also have no problems. If anything, I’m afraid it’s too strong. However, we won’t know anything until we’ve managed to get some actual combat experience.”



Everyone seemed to be satisfied with the modified artifacts that Hajime had prepared. They all had a suitable fighting spirit for tackling the last dungeon, especially for Suzu, whose eagerness to meet Eri once again was shown.



“That’s good. You’re fighting strength should increase by several times if you can master your new skills, make any effort before you find yourself crushed in the demon territory.”



Though Hajime gave off a curt attitude, the power he had given them was the real thing. With him helping Suzu reach her objectives, Suzu and the rest of the party’s opinion on Hajime was “Tsundere”, but they didn’t say anything because he was still a little scary.



At this time, Hajime’s gaze unexpectedly snapped forward towards his target. The mood shifted from relaxed to serious.



“… Did we arrive?” Yue asked.



“Ah, it’s time to descend.”



At Hajime’s command, Ferner rushes into the sea of clouds, and everyone’s gazes turn serious as they look out of the windows.



After only a few seconds of descending through white clouds, Ferner was instantly enveloped with a snow storm cold enough to freeze hull in an instant.



“That’s certainly severely cold, as you said, that is not this mistress’ forte.”



Tio grumbled while trembling and staring at the silvery landscape enveloped with blizzards with unpleased eyes.



“Everyone, hold on to the artifact I’m handing you, it will help protect you against the cold which will help greatly in surviving this labyrinth.”



“… Nn, anything Hajime handmade, wonderful.”



“That’s true, the part with the snow crystal motif is beautiful.”



“This is my third present from Hajime… ehehe.”



“… Master, why just a tiny snowman? Although it’s cute by itself, I was hoping for an accessory with a more elaborate design.”



Each pendant artifact that Hajime handed out offered protection from the cold. There were a snow crystal motif made from a translucent light blue stone embedded in an elaborate design that seemed to absorb the light.



Only Tio received a pendant which had a snowman on it, wearing an American-like smile with cheerful features. She gave a wistful expression as she compared her pendant to everyone else’s.



“When you do something about your inclinations, I’ll present you with something better.”



“Is that to say this lowly mistress… is not worth a womanly present…? It’s too cruel, Master. The gap, the unpleasantness is too painful. Please give this mistress a nicer present!”



“… so it’s decided that you won’t fix your behavior…?”



Suzu and Shizaku give each other a look of amazement as Tio embraced Hajime while wearing a look as if she’s about to cry.



“… Shizu, Shizu, aren’t these just rocks? In that case, wouldn’t a snowman be much better?”



“Suzu, please don’t point out such a difference in treatment, because it’s too sad…”



“Is that so? If it’s effective, what’s the problem?”



“… Ryuutaro, I don’t think that’s what it’s about.”



In Shizuku’s hand was nothing but a common rock you could pick up anywhere, apart from its ability to protect against the cold. The dejected Suzu and Shizuku had slumped shoulders after comparing their pendants to the ones the other girls had received. For once, Kouki was actually able to read the mood, unlike normal. (TN: In other words, Hajime gave Shia, Yue, and Kaori beautiful gems, gave Tio and unromantic snowman, and gave Shizuku and Suzu a rock, lol.)



In the meantime, Ferner reached the Gorge of Ice and Snow, where the entrance to the ice and snow cave likely leads to the great labyrinth.



While operating Ferner, Hajime navigated the forge using far sight, and while it normally would have taken a while to locate it, with the help of Ferner that time was cut significantly. However, upon reaching the end of the gorge, the cave entrance was yet to be seen.



“… Nn? Does it end here? The compass says it’s still further ahead.”



“… Hajime, look.”



“At what?”



Yue pointed at the crystal display that showed the surroundings, activating a zoom function. Hajime looked at where she indicated, finding that the width of the gorge apparently narrowed up ahead. The ice and snow had piled up, creating a huge domed passage, leading towards the inside.



“There is no other way. It’s about a kilometer until the cave. Looks like we’re walking from here.”



“This is the first time I’ve seen the snow, it looks like it might be fun.”



Out of everyone who began moving at Hajime’s orders, only Shia appeared to be excited. She was like a child on a train who climbs onto their seat to look outside as they pass by the silvery landscape.



Though this was similar to the time that Shia had first seen the ocean, how Hajime looked at her was different. A Shia with her rabbit ears waving about extravagantly as she frolicked around with a child-like innocence was far too adorable. He seemed to want to hug her tightly, and it was necessary for him to hold himself back.



While scratching his head, hajimei concentrated on guiding Ferner into the depths of the ravine which was quickly becoming too narrow to land properly.



Hajime opened the lower hatch on the outside… and was immediately attacked by large swaths of snow coming up into his face. The artifact that protected against the cold did not provide any barrier, it only kept the person’s temperature within a constant and suitable range. While trying not to become blinded, he hurriedly covered himself with a coat.



“Waa, is this snow? It’s hard and fluffy!”



As such, Shia lone became excited. While her body was pummeled with the snow storm, she was busy stamping her feet and scooping it up without reservation, her eyes full of enjoyment.



“Oi, Shia. Let’s go, you’re getting too excited… Oi, are you listening?”



As Shia frolicked, she appeared to not hear the words of admonishment Hajime was giving her. Instead, she played in the pure-white snow that lay thickly about energetically while raising her voice.



“And she fell into an abyss, as it was…”



As Shia dives in the snow, the ground collapses under her while Hajime mutters something in a narrator’s voice while turning scornful eyes to the newly formed massive crevasse that opens into a deep hole.



Shia had fallen into a crack in the earth while letting out a scream “Ahhh!!!” There was a fissure that ran along the gorge, but the accumulated snow had made it impossible to notice.



“Will you settle down before Shia dies? Hey! Shiaaaa!”



The dumbfounded Shizuku and Suzu began to fall into a panic while making pale faces. Meanwhile, Kouki and Ryuutaro were at a loss for words given the situation.



“Settle down, Shia won’t be defeated by a fall like that. Besides, we need to get down there too.”



Hajime waves it away like it was nothing and then jumped the 400 meters down into the crevasse after Shia without a moment’s hesitation. Yue also jumped after them.



Everyone was provided with an artifact that provided the effect of aerodynamic, which provided them a method of reducing their rate of fall. Of course, Suzu could put up an energy-absorbing effect. There shouldn’t be a problem for Kouki’s group, although it went against common sense to leap off a cliff.



Suzu group peeked over the ravine quiet and watery eyed at the thought of jumping off the edge.



“What are you hesitating for? There is no time to hesitate! Aren’t you making a better effort?”



Tio couldn’t stand waiting behind them and thus gave a push in both the emotional and physical sense. With the feeling of being pushed like a bungee jumper without a rope, Suzu is forcefully pushed.



“Wait, I’ll go, because I’ll go – Suzu is a person who can do it if you do it, just let me go at my own pace!”



“The day grows darker as you say things like that. Look, come here.”



“Yaa… wait, please don’t life me. I’ll do it myself, I’ll go myselfffff….”



Tio lifted Suzu and then threw her like trash towards the bottom of the ravine. The scream thins as she falls down the ravine, her voice echoing magnificently.



Tio turns around and give Kouki a smile as he turns pale. That smile eloquently told them all, “Who dies next?”



“Yaegashi Shizuku. I’m off!”



Saying so as if trying to avoid being thrown, Shizuku leaps from the cliff with a beautiful form like a diver jumping into a pool.



Kouki and Ryuutaro let out a “Uoo!” and “Brave!” before passing Tio and jumping into the ravine with a shout.



“Umu, it’s good to be energetic, isn’t it?” Tio nods before jumping over the side herself.



___________



“Calm down, Suzu. Don’t cry!”



Barely contained tears echo across the gorge of ice and snow.



Suzu was shaking, and it seemed that her fall was only stopped desperately. Actually, the true reason she was crying was that she seemed to have wet herself a little, but that was something she couldn’t say.



Shizuku, Kouki, and Ryuutaro tried to comfort her, however, the three people had little strength left after their own experience bungee jumping without a rope.



“Suzu, it’s so soft… cute.”



“Please don’t do that to comfort yourself.”



Hajime tsukomi’d while giving Suzu, who seemed like a small animal under Kaori’s care, a look.



At that point, a dogon noise came from the corner of the wall near the bottom of the ravine where Hajime stood, followed by a shout “Uryaaa!!”



A part of the wall had collapsed with a roaring sound. There, Shia strolls out calmly with Doryukken propped on her shoulder.



“Iya… to be caught by such a cunning trapped, my innocence was played with! *cough*”



“Are you stupid? Though it’s not the great labyrinth, it’s still dangerous here, don’t forget it!”



“Ah… sorry… I got a little carried away…”



With a deceptive smile, Hajime rapped Shia on the head with his knuckles while scolding her. As she dropped her shoulders dejectedly, he grabs her cheek and gives a muni.



While punishing Shia’s cheek with one hand, he held the compass with the other. The compass indicated which road to follow from a branch up ahead.



“Come on guys, don’t stand around engrossed in your own world forever, let’s go.” Hajime shouted and Suzu seemed to regain her lost energy, nodding with renewed vigor.



Everything in the surrounding area was covered with ice and snow, and the water didn’t flow. Is everything frozen? Even with the snow storm in the valley above, the cold chill blew through, making a moderate temperature seem impossible.



If they didn’t have the artifacts to ward against the cold, just how much of their physical strength would be cut down. When the night falls, it could reach as low as -30, if not lower.



Lumps of ice and icicles that seemed to grow from the ground appeared more and more the farther they advanced. The wind also seemed to blow stronger, and the temperature continued to drop.



“This is a little troubling.” Tio wore a difficult expression and stood with some difficulty.



“It should be within 500 meters. It’s dangerous with the snow fluttering around and obstructing our views. Tio, can you please disperse the wind?”



“Understood.”



At Hajime’s request, Tio gathered her magic to avert the wind to the left and right. However, before she executed it, an objection was voiced.



“Wait, that, let Suzu do it!”



That’s right, Suzu.



With a fighting spirit, Suzu grasped onto two iron-ribbed fans that were the new artifacts Hajime had created.



The fans had been imbued with age of god magic much like the way Shizuku’s sword had been modified. Particularly, using the newly obtained sublimation magic, magic formations were carved into the iron-ribbed fan and evolved accordingly.



Though she had practiced on the deck of the Ferner, was it enough to use the fans properly? It had a magic absorbing function too. Using it while paying attention to the magic usage was a good idea to reduce the consumption of magic.



Tio gave Hajime a questioning look, and he gave a nod in acceptance.



“Yosh, then let’s do it! Sacred Shield!”



As soon as Suzu recited the magic’s name, a translucent barrier surrounded them with watery light. The barrier drew a curve loosely towards the front, generating a ripple of light that was beaten fast from the central portion of the outside.



The sacred shield was defensive magic, providing the ability to distribute energy of an object that comes into contact with it. One of the features of the fan was the ability to create the barrier without chanting. The strength of the shield was middle class for the sake of efficacy.



According to Suzu’s plan, when the snow and wind hit the barrier, the power is dispersed and thrown to the side, softening it to a gentle breeze.



“… Nn. It’s not bad.” Yue gave her impression after seeing Suzu’s barrier.



The saint barrier was evolved magic from sublimation, seeming to the level where even a genius like Yue was willing to acknowledge it. Suzu smiled broadly from the compliment.



With the storm averted, their continued movement became much easier. As Hajime continued on, he suddenly halted, gazing forward with squinted eyes.



“… Is that it?”



When they followed Hajime’s look, there was a crack with a beautiful isosceles triangle at the tip of the dead end. The needle of the compass pointed straight ahead. So this was the cave of ice and snow.



“It looks like we’re here, but Hajime…”



“Ah, I get it, everyone prepare yourself. Something is coming!”



Shia’s eyes lowered dangerously, while her rabbit ears danced around. She detected two or more signs of something in the darkness of the cave. While Yue, Kaori, and Tio remained relaxed as usual, tension ramped up with Kouki and the others.



Immediately…



“Ggigigigigigigi.” X5



While giving a strange yell, a demon with a strange body came out of the cave, moving around fiercely.



With an appearance like a gorilla covered in white hair, it stood three meters high and walked on two legs, unlike a gorilla.



You could go so far as to say,



“Yeti? [TN: They call it big foot. Not the abominable snowman, or better yet, a Yeti. I’m changing it to Yeti.]



“As you would expect… in a parallel world, meeting UMA of a snow mountain in a place like this…”



Koari wore a stiff smile, while Hajime slipped Donner out while muttering, however, this time Shizuku stopped him.



“Nagumo-kun. Though it’s bad, please let us take of this ourselves. Kouki… Ryuutaru. Suzu!”



“Yeah!”



“Good, let’s do this!”



“We absolutely won’t lose!”



Kouki and the rest rushed out ahead after taking Shizuku’s order. They actually wanted to acquire actual combat experience using the new artifacts though Kaori seemed to want to help out.



Hajime, standing next to Yue, only shrugged, content watching them. Only Kaori came off as anxious, her hands grasped like she was praying.



“Wake up, Black Sword.”



In front of Hajime, Shizuku recited the invocation in a loud voice, drawing out the first attack.



“Tear it up, flying claws!”



The ability flying air claws was executed, and it approached the Yeti with a deathly invisible attack, however, the yeti seemed to move with animal intuition. They spread out like ninja’s, evading the attack completely.



However, Shizuku seemed to have assumed they’d dodge from the beginning.



“Suzu!”



“Understood, leave it to us!”



In a flash, Kouki and Suzu moved to intercept the return strike while the magic Suzu cast struck the earth under the nearest Yeti.



“Heavy barrier, Heavy Saint!”



The iron-ribbed fan turned with a glitter, a spheroidal barrier shining brightly around the earth under the Yeti. It was not a barrier to prevent the attack, but a barrier to confine the Yeti.



After being confined in a dome, it tried to break free by tearing at it with his claws.



At that point, a shadow appeared over Suzu, another Yeti came jumping, though Kaori had seen it coming and tried to yell a warning, Suzu’s magic had already been executed.



“Swallow barrier burst!”



A barrier extending one meter on all sides appeared overhead of Suzu, and the Yeti swung downward after, with a Gyari noise that was blocked by the barrier.



And, and that moment…



Dogoon!!



The barrier exploded magnificently with an effective roar. Without Suzu’s influence, the barrier maintained its directionality, the orange magic rippling as the scattered remains of the barrier split overhead.



The Yeti’s body is torn by the remains of the barrier as it breaks on impact. It’s somehow blown away nearly ten meters while shedding blood. Though it gave a bloodshot look burning with anger as it turns to Suzu, it waits more cautiously. No… more likely it is having trouble moving after the impact.



Anyway, because the left iron-ribbed fan was given an “impact conversion” aspect to its barrier formation, the Yeti was repelled. So to speak… it was an invocation known as barrier burst.



On the other side, the Yeti that was still caught in the heavy barrier had not received any damage, but was forced to the ground thanks to the heavy gravity magic, the doubled effect sealing off his movements.



Suzu was firmly suppressing two Yetis, gripping her iron fans with vigilance against the other advancing Yeti.



Shizuku took a roundabout path using high-speed movement from behind the Yeti. She accelerated the drawn sword, slipping it from the scabbard using the skill, drawn out. You couldn’t even see the blade, only the black tracks flecking through the air.



“Giiii.” {Tn: Isn’t this the same noise the cockroaches make? Why does a Yeti sound like a cockroach?}



The speed was such that he was still left with a rough cut at his back, although the Yeti evaded, narrowly avoiding a mortal wound.



Innumerable icicles suddenly exploded from the ground surrounding Shizuku. Apparently the Yeti had a peculiar ice manipulation magic.



Though Shizuku evaded the icicles by jumping away, they dashed out from the ground and pursued her like missiles.



On the other hand, Shizuku chanted while crossing her black sword with its sheath.



“Meet Pulling Heaven!”



When the icicle splinters flew at Shizuku, they changed orbit to meet the blade and sheath of the black sword, as if they were attracted to a magnet, unable to reach Shizuku’s body.



“Fly Heavenly separation!”



All of the icicles that came in succession to Shizuku unite in the air as they returned.



Pulling Heaven and Heavenly Separation used the practice of gravity magic to pull things apart.



The shot ended up returning to the Yeti who had casted it, but even with its movement dulled from the wound on its back, it managed to evade it, sliding its feet over the ice.



“… Somehow… that looks professional.”



Shizuku mutters while she lands. As she stated, the Yeti was creating a road of ice as he slid, moving as he swung his arms forward in a bent posture resembling that of a speed skater. His velocity increased drastically.



The Yeti confronting Kouki were also sliding around the bottom of the ravine, using beautiful forms like that of skaters while creating ice as they went, probably making up for the dulled movements.



Three of the Yeti back away and little and form a row, even their arm moves synchronize completely as they approach with a sound that gives a forceful feeling.



“If they come from the front, it’s only convenient.”



Kouki comes up beside Shizuku. The light from his holy sword focusses and he gives a posture with a haughty attitude.



And,



“Take this, Soaring Heights!”



The deadly attack draws a shining curve, the release lead to an impact that scattered across the surroundings.



The deadly attack did not boast the full power. Even if the original power of the holy sword was enough to destroy the Yeti. The power doesn’t change even if Kouki shouts the technique. At that moment, the Yeti seemed to evade the attack in an unbelievable method.



“A triple axel?” Kouki leaks out a voice of disbelief.



Exactly as stated, the Yeti performed a triple axel in response to the deadly attack, avoiding a direct impact. The three Yeti united as a row only changed at that moment, jumping in a quite artistic and effective way.



The three yeti jump over Kouki’s strike while rotating… the attack missing by a fingernail, as their feet all landed in sync.



“!?”



“Uo!”



Shizuku and Kouki backed up some distance while preventing the flowing kick that followed.



“UraaaAA!!”



Ryuutaro approached from behind and struck out with his fist from the side, eliciting a shockwave. However, the Yeti bent backwards, sliding on the newly created ice. The appearance of sliding both feet resembled a move from the famous ice skater, Ina Bauer.



“Are you kidding me?”



“Calm down, Kouki!”



Kouki, who was determined to capture the Great Labyrinth this time, was gritting his teeth as he fought against the first enemy.



The Yeti approached from three sides while making unpredictable moves that Kouki just could gage, continuing their assault. What is the best maneuver they had, the eight-rotation triple? Moreover, their hands expanded greatly, a huge excavator seemed to approach from every side.



“Ha… flashing bloom!”



Letting out a sigh towards the Yeti’s triumphant looks as they rotated around them, her excellent kinetic vision say and expression that seemed unpleasant. She drew her sword while muttering an incantation at the same time she jumped overhead using aerodynamic and urging Kouki to follow.



The three Yeti land in the place where Shizuku was a second prior. Cutting down with their claws, they landed magnificently, but those that landed were just two of them.



“Gigii?”



The third was cut in two by the flashing bloom, an ability that cut space itself.



“Look Kouki, Ryuutaro, ignore their strange movement and just finish them off quickly, I’m going to Suzu.”



“Ah… damn, such an enemy suddenly…”



Kouki dashed out in a poor mood while throwing out abusive language in response to Shizuku’s words. Meanwhile, Ryuutaro became accustomed to the movements of the Yeti, and he too began to corner one.



Shizuku approaches Suzu, who is holding steady against a Yeti covered in wounds thanks to her manipulating barriers. The neck of a Yeti caught with Heavy barrier was cut momentarily.



Seeing that, Suzu releases the remainder of the Yeti from her barrier, and went looking for Kouki and Ryuutaro as they finished off the last two Yeti.



They wore refreshed expressions after having finally defeated the Yeti with a complete victory. Then they were greeted by Hajime wearing a strange smile.



“You know, guys, it might be interesting to take them to earth, we’d be famous for discovering the first ice skating Yeti!”



“You’re annoying, you joking demon… can’t we just leave them here?”



Kouki snaps. The first match finally came to an end by playing in earnest.



While Ryuutaro lets out a laugh and Kouki sighs, Hajime let’s out a shrug and turns away, stepping towards the cave. Shizuku told Kaori that “It was cool.” She gave a shameful gaze. Suzu send s Yue a look of expectation while being patted on the head with an “it was not bad” praise from an elder sister absent-mindedly. It seemed like the tiny girl who was like a dirty old man was secretly aiming at Yue.



“Well, then, let’s commence with the last Great Labyrinth.” Hajime’s words echoed across the gorge of ice and snow.



It was a line intended to focus everyone’s mind and forget about the ice-skating Yetis as they stepped into the last of the seven great labyrinths, the Ice and Snow Cave of Shunee Snowfield.





Chapter 137




The last of the seven great labyrinths, The Cave of Ice and Snow… was like a house of mirrors.



The passage inside this large labyrinth was a considerable area, large enough for ten people to stand side by side. The walls made from ice possessed the transparency of crystal. Thanks to the reflections you could easily become confused as to the number of people present. The end result… a mysterious internal structure.



Although another thing could be said to contribute to this mysterious feeling. Within the cave… snow was always falling. Naturally, since it’s a cave, it doesn’t fall from the sky. The snow is blown through the cave, moving along the wind. However, it wasn’t blown in from the entrance, but blown out from within the recesses of the cave.



In addition, it couldn’t be called normal snow.



“I-a… I did it again.”



“Ryuutaro… you were told not to go out of the range of the magical barrier!”



A piece of snow was sticking to Ryuutaro’s cheek, causing it to swell and become red. So, this snow possessed a temperature as low as dry ice, causing immediate frostbite if it touched you.



With the wind blowing against them, even though Suzu had dispersed the snow with her barrier, the distractions caused by the ice wall reflections resulted in people requiring treatments several times.



“A cave made of ice, with snow that causes frostbite, in a labyrinth named the Cave of Ice and Snow… I shudder to think what would happen without this artifact.”



“You wouldn’t have drinking water, that’s for sure.”



Shizuku muttered while taking out the small stone artifact that protected them from cold out of her pocket while Kaori agreed, splashing some water outside of the barrier. It froze as soon as it touched the air, making a bikibiki sound as it impacted into the wall. The flask would have already been frozen if they were entering normally.



“Certainly, though you could melt ice to make water, fire magic seems to be obstructed in this space, and would take considerable magic consumption to activate.”



“… But, that doesn’t apply to us.”



When Tio answered Kaori’s comment with a wry smile, Yue shook the pendant and ring at her chest while giving a shrug.



As Tio remarked, this Ice and Snow cave remarkably weakened the effect of fire magic. It would be a considerable hardship to use fire as a method to secure water by melting snow.



This didn’t apply to Hajime’s party thanks to the treasure warehouse where they stored all their supplies without being affected by temperature as well as the cold protection artifact that kept the surrounding area at a comfortable temperature.



“It’s extremely useful, as cooking would become problematic.”



While agreeing with Yue’s comment, Hajime turned his gaze to the front.



Yue followed his gaze ahead, seeing a man buried among the wall of ice with closed eyes like he was sleeping. He seemed to have sat down after becoming tired with his back to the wall and then become frozen there. With no visible injury, perhaps it was exhaustion from the cold?



“Hajime, somehow that corpse… doesn’t it seem strange?”



“Nn? …Ah… now that you mention it, isn’t he buried perfectly in the wall.”



“Yeah, but did the wall of ice form over him while he was sitting there, or was he taken into the wall?”



Shia’s neck was tilted as she eyed the corpse buried in the ice wall with a suspicious look. Shia made a good point. Did the wall expand to cover him, or did it pull him into it?



“… There is no reaction to magic from the ice or the corpse, just to be sure, should we destroy it?”



They could have left it the way it was, because there was no reason not to. Hajime pulled out Donner, aimed it at the corpse, and pulled the trigger.



Bang! Bang!



A vivid brilliant red flash shot from Hajime through the forehead and heart of the man. It was even more brilliant than usual as a result of the sublimation magic.



Towards desecrating the dead, Kouki opened his mouth to complain, but then shut it again, having learned it was unproductive to try to complain.



After a few seconds of watching the corpse and the ice wall, there was no reaction. Hajime holstered Donner and urged the party to move ahead. … Hajime and the party disappeared into the recesses of the cave after a moment.



Crack… Crack…



“Goo, Gao, gigi.”



A sound like a groaning voice came out as the ice formed cracks.



Not noticing what was happening behind them, Hajime and the party continued to traverse the labyrinth in silence.



Though the Ice and Snow cave had many branching paths, they didn’t hesitate at any given intersection thanks to the compass. On their way along, the walls were littered with a lot more corpses trapped into the ice wall, but after a 1/3 the distance of the labyrinth, they had yet to see a single monster attack.



“Nn?… again?”



Another corpse was discovered buried in the ice wall in the passage ahead. With pointed ears and dark skin… it was a person from the demon country.



“… 50 people so far, most demons.”



“Perhaps there were a large number of people that attempted to capture it with Freed?” Hajime answered Yue, who was standing alone and muttering to herself.



They couldn’t tell from the clothing how long they had been there, but at least ten of the ones they had found wore service uniforms that matched the ones they saw during the attack on the capital.



“Fumu… though they were able to beat this labyrinth, it appears they didn’t do it with ease. When thinking about the other routes, how many people challenged it?”



“However, considering how many people in the country that might have attempted it, there might be someone other than Freed who had managed to complete it. It might be only a matter of time before the demon country reorganizes and attacks again.”



Kaori responded while showing a look of concern, possibly worrying for Liliana or the other classmates left in the capital.



“It’s alright Kaori, they won’t be doing it soon. The invaders were crushed, their weapon was destroyed, and the magical barrier was restored. Not to mention they don’t know that Hajime’s laser weapon was destroyed. They won’t find it that easy to attack even if they prepare a new army.”



“Shizuku… un, that’s right.” Kaori gave a smile after thinking about Shizuku’s prediction.



However, when they returned to Earth with Hajime, Liliana and the country would be deserted. It was only natural that it’d hurt to think about the ones left behind.



From there, Kouki entered into the conversation.



“Be relieved Kaori, even if I have to defeat mad gods, humans, or devils, I will remain and protect Liliana. After I obtain all the Age of Gods magic, it might be possible to return by myself sooner or later, so I will not desert anyone.”



“Kouki…”



Indeed, it was a hero-like speech, however Kouki’s glance was not given towards Kaori, but Hajime, as though he was trying to insult him. Therefore, Kaori was not relieved by his words, rather, it only made her feel more uneasy.



Before, there might have been complete conviction in his words, always only meaning well. However, now they seemed to be filled with negative emotions, including envy… doubt… impatience… irritation, ect… These various feeling were mixed in to his words even though he desperately tried to suppress them, causing his words to ring with instability.



Did Hajime take notice to this look from Kouki? Hajime merely ignored it and shrugged his shoulders. Kouki frowned over their ideals running on parallel tracks.



Shizuku’s gaze wandered towards those that were giving an uneasy mood, namely Kouki, however, Hajime spoke instead.



“Oh well… it’s not like we’re strangers… if the princess requested it, I could probably provide her with intercontinental ballistic missiles, high speed orbital tanks, and fighters that ignore inertia and gravity…?”



“Nagumo? Isn’t it too dangerous to give those to that woman? The power of balance for this world would collapse.”



“Is that so? Oh well, I could put on some user restrictions so they only work and can be operated by the royal family. At that level, nearly anything could be repulsed, even if more like Nointo came.”



Shizuku’s gaze wavered as Hajime gave a slightly dangerous speech while Kouki watched Hajime with dark eyes. Meanwhile, Kaori wore a somewhat happy expression.



Though Hajime was trying to avoid living a “lonely way of life”, there was no reason for him to be involved in this world’s problems, unless it was for Yue and the others. With the exception of perhaps Myuu and Remia, no one in this world could equal the balance of their importance in his heart.



Because Liliana is someone he knew, he’d be willing to lend his power if she requested it. Afterwards though, he had no intentions past spending the remainder of his life with Yue and the others at his home.



When considering the possibility that he’d lose the ones important to him, he felt no guilt and saw no important reason to risk his own life.



With his efforts, he had decided to give Yue and the rest’s smiles his priority, and could discard anything outside of that.



Because they understood this, Yue, and the others snuggled up to Hajime. Shia and Kaori’s path took them away from their family and important childhood friends.



Moreover, this extremely dangerous present for Liliana could be said to be the very limit of consideration he could offer her.



“Yaegashi (Shizuku), you and the rest also must decide what you’ll do once you return from the demon country. Will you remain in this world? Will you return with us? Because I won’t wait for you to decide.”



“… Yes. Understood.”



“Yes. It’ll depend on my conversation with Eri…” Suzu said.



“I’ll stick with Kouki.” Ryuutaro added.



Everyone responded to Hajime’s words, each of the three in their own way.



With a sensitive mood hanging in the air, Hajime advanced along the passage until they came to a 4-way intersection with a ten meter width and height.



Upon halting, Hajime confirmed the direction the compass pointed. Suddenly, Shia’s rabbit ears began to twitch.



“Hajime… something is coming.”



“A monster, they finally appeared? Where?”



“All four sides…”



“Even from behind?”



Though everyone readied themselves for an attack, they stiffened when they heard that monsters were approaching from the path they had taken, because it would mean that they were able to conceal themselves from Hajime’s Magic Eye.



In the center of the cross roads, Hajime and the party were back to back. After an interval a voice like a groan could be heard in the darkness of the passage. (TN: Not to be a nag here, but if you just moved 10-15 meters down any direction, you’d bottleneck the baddies and turn a 4 way battle into a two way).



Vaaa…



A fairly terrifying voice not quite like a beast’s groan gave off unpleasant feelings. As the darkness in the passage also seemed to have deepened, the sound of someone swallowing their saliva with a gulp was heard through the silence.



And then it appeared.



It was the figure of a person wearing a service uniform, with most of their skin having lost their coloring and a thick layer of frost over their entire body.



“These guys… they’re the corpses we saw in the ice walls?” Hajime muttered as members of the demon country poured into the passage one after another.



“… Also the guy we saw earlier.”



“Are they alive… no, that’s not it. They’re like zombies?”



While watching the frozen people that showed up down the passage way, Yue and the other faced the demons and adventurers, who groaned and held out their arms loosely lowered. As Kaori said, they looked like frozen zombies.



Frost zombies began to pour out of each of the four roads of the intersection, surrounding Hajime, Kouki, and the others.



“In any case, even if they were former people, those that stand in our way will be slaughtered.”



Hajime’s words acted like a signal, and the frost zombie’s dull movements suddenly became fierce.



VaAAAAA!!!



An extremely unpleasant grown echoes to through the many passages in the cave. Did they say you will be eaten here? It’s like they were straight from Resident Evil (Biohazard), though they weren’t as gross thanks to the layer of frost preventing them from decaying, but an ugly thing is still ugly.



“Please stay away! Barrier Burst!”



To real biohazards, a somewhat panicked Suzu released the Barrier burst. It goes down the passage, and any Frost zombies who were struck by it were hurled away, but the next moment… They exploded magnificently into pieces with a roar.



They splintered apart, like pieces of meat dispersed by a bomb. It was like the scene when the Terminator in liquid nitrogen was smashed.



At almost the same time, all the other party members began to shoot out their attacks. Hajime’s Schlag spouted fire, Yue and Tio sent out wind magic, Kaori’s silver feathers flew, Shizuku and Kouki’s blades drew deadly lines through the air, and strong impacts were released from Ryuutaro’s fists.
