


To those attacks filled with the full destructive power colliding with the front ranks fo the frost zombies, those who didn’t manage to evade shattered to the sound of crystal breaking.



“They’re fairly fragile…” though Hajime mutters suspiciously, another second his eyes narrow.



“You’re kidding, they’re repairing themselves?”



Kaori seemed to have said this instinctively, but it was exactly that. The splinters began to gather, reforming their bodies in no time at all. The one’s decomposed by Kaori’s silver feathers assembled slightly differently, fathering the missing parts from nearby walls of ice.



“… Hajime, a demon stone?”



“… It isn’t that. Though the magic is similar, they don’t seem to have a demon stone.”



“Eeh? They’re like those golems from the labyrinth in the canyon?” (TN: They’re talking about Milidi’s labyrinth all those chapters ago)



Hajime wore a grim expression while Shia looked on with a disgusted look when she recalled the powerful and infinitely respawning enemies that repaired themselves no matter how much they destroyed them. They also didn’t have a demon stone core and were destroyed only by Hajime’s quick thinking.



“Just how many are there? There must be some trick.”



While continuously firing, Hajime took out the compass with one hand to seek out the source of the demon core, which must be concealed in some way that his magic eye couldn’t detect.



“Oo? It’s nearby?”



The compass indicated a location that wasn’t within the frost demon’s body. The location was in the left passage, about 500 meters or so away.



Yue gave Hajime a look. “… Hajime?”



“… Apparently, the demon stone or whatever peculiar magic that moves these guys seems to be placed left from here. They must be controlled remotely.”



Fumu… Anyway, if we don’t get to the source somehow, this fight will never end.



“Then, let’s go!”



Everyone gave off a determined air while knocking down the advancing Frost zombies. All four passaged were crowded with the zombies that had sprung up, perhaps extending as far as the eye could see?



“I’ve destroy the group ahead, everyone don’t fall behind!” Hajime ordered while taking Orkan (the rocket launcher) out of the treasure warehouse. After hearing their response, he pointed the rocket launcher towards one corner and released an overwhelming power.



Bashuuuuu!



Orange trails flew out behind a warhead.



Boom!



With a thunderous roar that resounded through the passage, they ran past the gap Hajime had made.



With Yue and rest behind him, Hajime thanked Orkan for clearing away the frost zombies like they were nothing. Even without being able to use fire or water magic, they kept being pulverized again and again, no matter how many times they regenerated.



Thanks to Hajime’s continuous fire pulverizing the frost zombies, they had no trouble moving forward. As they passed by, those that were destroyed reformed themselves. Generally, the expressions of all the party members except Yue and Tio were cramped.



“Fueee… No a real life biohazard (resident evil)!”



“Suzu, get a hold of yourself, if you don’t look too closely it’s not that bad.”



“No, that’s bad!… Uuu… Don’t come near me! Barrier Burst!”



“Suzu, please don’t lose it! Do not waste your magical power…. Kyaaa! That’s an arm!”



“Hiiii… Kaori, watch where you’re aiming. That arm that just flew by touched me!”



Though it is said it is noisy when women gather, these four were in full-blown zombie panic and it was indeed noisy. It seemed like they challenged a certain famous horror house in Japan while noisily running through the passage and talking.



“Uumu… It’s good to be young. Being able to make a racket like that while facing monsters…”



While looking over her shoulder at Kaori and the others, Tio responds fairly calmly. This caused Yue to give Tio an amazed look.



“… Tio, smells like an old woman.”



“That’s a terrible thing to say. Well, I’m older… but isn’t Yue also?”



“… I’m not. I’ll be 17 forever.”



“What? I’m sure you were 20 when you were imprisoned…”



While hearing something unexpected, a shiver went up Hajime’s spine in response to a crisis, causing him to say something to break the tension.



“… That’s right! Yue is always 17!”



“… Nn. The same as Hajime.”



“To be completely dominated by Yue…”



Tio wore an amazed expression, with the noisy group of girls in the rear, while Hajime is being led by the nose by Yue. Kouki and Ryuutaro looked at each other… in spite of being chased by frost zombies, their minds seemed to be playing out an impossible scene.



After dashing for five minutes, the sound where Hajime and party running, with a Zudodo from behind, the frost zombies continued to chase with screams and roars that caused the tunnel to shake.



Hajime and the group finally arrived at a large space which seemed to be about the size of the Tokyo Dome.



Hajime rechecked the compass in his hand. The area where the demon stone that controlled the zombie horde was definitely indicated to be in this room. To be accurate, it was incased in a certain ice wall facing the entrance they had just passed through.



“I found it. Here, I see it.”



Hajime could see deep into the ice wall with his Magic eye. Even the improved donner wouldn’t be able to penetrate deep enough to reach it, so Hajime took out Schlagen (TN: Schlag is one of his revolvers, Schlagen is his anti-material rifle) from his treasure warehouse.



Naturally, Schlagen had also been improved thanks to sublimation magic, which greatly increased its specs. It would surely pierce the armor that had protected Miledi’s golem now.



Bachibachi! Bachibachi!



Electricity intensely discharged as the anti-material rifle that specialized in penetration scatters a vivid bright red light. Hajime held Shlagen with one hand while catching it to the side. Just as he went to pull the trigger…



“… Hajime! At the same time as Yue’s warning, a large eagle that unfurled its wings from overhead began to assault the party.



It was not simply a large eagle, but it was transparent, and appeared to be bade of the same material as the ice wall, more were falling down like a downpour of ice.



Hajime momentarily fired overhead, and a flash went into the sky. At the moment of impact, it pierced the Frost eagle and the shock wave shattered it with a red ripple into two frost eagles.



The improved bullet with impact conversion was empowered with sublimation magic, increasing the power by more than three times that of Donners.



As a shimmering rain of ice came down from above, right after pulling the trigger, Hajime re-aimed the muzzle back towards the demon stone.



However…



“It moved…”



The demon stone in the wall began to move all of a sudden, moving out of the line of fire of Schlagen.



“Apparently, it’s similar to the creature we faced in the oasis, so I should think all the surrounding ice is its territory. Make note of that.”



Prompt advice came from Tio, who was dealing with a frost zombie and another frost eagle.



That advice was proven correct immediately.



“Guriaaa!”



Next from the surrounding ice wall, a large amount of two-legged wolves were created as well as frost eagles. They had large dark red eyes, were two meters all, with sharp teeth and claws, groaning with a bestial voice. Frost werewolves.



The large space was suddenly buried with large amounts of these three types of demons, and like those before, as soon as they were smashed, they reformed.



A frost zombie from the rear let out a large groaning voice at the party, overflowing with something.



From the surrounding walls, ridiculous amounts of frost werewolves appeared to encircle the party.



In addition,



Bikibiki. Baki!



With suck sound effects, the demon stone in the ice wall let out an amazing amount of power, increasing every second.



And,



“Kuwaaa!”



A roar, followed by a large shock wave.



“Absolute Field.”



At once, Yue created a barrier by distorted space which warded off the effects of the earthquake.



Opposite of that barrier, the creature that held the demon stone finally showed itself. It was like the turtle-like demonic beings who had attacked the capital before, but its body was mostly composed of ice and the shell had icicles like a pin cushion over twenty meters in length.



“Apparently, the trial is to pierce the demon stone in that guy while dealing with all of these demons?”



Hajime took a guess while smiling scornfully – a normal party in such a cold place after wondering for so long would probably despair having to fight like this. Unfortunately for these monsters, they weren’t a normal party, and thanks to Hajime’s artifacts the temperature wasn’t a problem either.



The cold and the pressure that the frost turtle gave off caused Kouki and his party to pale, but Hajime only glared at it with scornful eyes.



At the same time, Hajime let loose his immense killing intent and pressure. A wave of red magic hit the surrounding monsters and immediately broken them to pieces. Somehow, even the frost turtle flinched at that.



Hajime took a single step forward.



The frost turtle let out a roar as if to deny that it flinched from a mere human, and all the surrounding demons began to move together.



The Ice and snow cave… the first trial started here. (Tn: First trial! I thought we were nearly done! :O )





Chapter 138




“Well, first of all… Amanokawa, charge forward!”



“Eh?”



While Hajime and the Frost Turtle let out enormous waves of pressure towards each other from their killing intent, Kouki had thought they would start fighting. Instead, he was called forward, and thus gave Hajime a startled response.



“No ‘eh’, charge forward and quickly crush that turtle.”



“W-why me?” Kouki asked instinctively.



Hajime turned around and gave him an amazed look while continuing to shoot down the surrounding monsters one shot at a time.



“Ah, you guys came here to do what? It’s not likely to count if we just do it all for you…”



“… A that’s right!”



“Amanokawa, use all of your power to crush the big guy. The other three of you (Suzu, Ryuutaro, Shizuku), support him while the rest of us keep the small fries off of you. Do it quickly. If you wuss out, I’ll finish the job.” Hajime smiled provocatively.



Kouki gave a strong nod, flames of determination sprouting in his eyes.



“Leave it to me. I’ll show you I can absolutely knock it down. Shizuku… Suzu, Ryuutaro, Let’s go!”



“Oo, Let’s go!”



“I’ll cover you. Take care of the icicles behind me. There may be some trick to them.”



“Leave the defense to me. I’ll show you I can protect everyone!”



After everyone answered energetically, a silver flash struck the monsters near the Frost Turtle, disintegrating them in an instant.



“Go! Don’t do anything rash!”



Thanks to Kaori’s silver bombardment of disintegration, an easy route had been opened up between Kouki’s party and the Frost Turtle. They ran forward while thanking her.



While its red eyes shone, the gap they formed immediately began to fill with demons once again.



“What are you doing? Your opponent is me! Trembling Heaven Triagram!”



As the turtle was focused on Hajime, Kouki’s party ran towards the Frost Turtle while Kouki shouted out his favored technique.



A killer attack of light flew forward, directly striking the eerily shining eyes of the Frost Turtle and tearing them up. A shock wave followed, hallowing that wound.



“KuWaAAn!”



With part of its head crushed, and only one eye remaining, the Frost Turtle raised a roar while shooting killing intent at Kouki’s party. This was all going according to Kouki’s plan.



And with its mouth gaping open, a breath of ice and snow was expelled out!



Spiraling like a tornado filled with ice chips, any who were caught in it would freeze immediately. Even if you could endure the cold, the ice would cut you to ribbons.



However, they had a master of magical barriers they could rely on.



“Faster than the wind, quicker than the water, Over Saint Scatter!”



By reinforcing the magic’s image with chanting, Suzu created a Barrier that dispersed energy. The bombardment of ice and snow collided with the barrier, making a “gou!” sound. And even though it came with a terrific impact, the energy was dispersed and could not overcome the barrier.



“It will keep regening indefinitely as long as it contains the demon stone. Don’t waste time. It is necessary to end this in one blow.”



“My Heaven’s Might takes thirty seconds to reach maximum power.”



“Then, in the meantime, it’s fine if Kouki doesn’t need to do anything.”



While Suzu prevented the attack with her barrier, Shizuku explained while giving Kouki a look. Considerable thermal power would be required to destroy the demon stone and crush the gigantic figure of the Frost Turtle. Kouki would be the most suitable.



Kouki understood this, given the time it’d take to execute his attack. Before, it took over a minute or more to reach maximum power. The time had been shortened considerably and amplified by several times, thanks to the revision of the Holy Sword.



“Everyone, the attack is weakening!”



“Good. When the attack stops, spread out… Suzu, stay with me.”



“Understood! You can count on me!”



At almost the same moment as Suzu’s words, the attack came to an end. The ice and snow fell down and Shizuku and the rest spread out as Kouki ordered.



Shizuku dashed out low to the ground, slipping under the Frost Turtle.



“The first attack, Flashing Blossom!”



With a sharp aura drawing black tracks in the air, her target was the Frost Turtle’s legs. To the large transparent foot, a gap of space formed diagonally, cutting the foot in two, which slid roughly and dropped to the floor.



“Flashing Blossom! Flashing Blossom!”



Without a pause, Shizuku kept advancing while sliding around, severing the second foot on one side. It slipped out, leaving the remainder in the rear side.



“KuruaaA!?”



Cheers! Feeling pleased, the sword returned to its scabbard. The two feet slipped down diagonally and with a scream the Frost Turtle went down.



“Zzuzuuzun!”



The Frost Turtle that had lost its balance made the Earth tremble. Immediately, a strong thirst for blood was shot behind the Frost Turtle stretching across its long neck.



“Tsu!?”



With her skin raising like goose flesh, Shizuku’s intuition convinced her to dash from the place she was standing. A large number of icicles pushed out from the ground where she had been.



Like frozen flowers blooming from the Earth, sharp icicles bloomed in a trail following Shizuku.



“Aerodynamic!”



While being chased by quickly forming icicles, Shizuku barely made it into the air before flowering icicles swallowed her path.



However, at that time, three frost eagles with exquisite timing attacked her from three different directions, respectively.



“…. flash…”



While attempting to shoot out a Flashing Blossom, she didn’t seem to be able to make it in time. There was no way she could avoid the terrible claws from at least two of the frost eagles.



At that moment, Shizuku prepared to take damage—



Three red flashes passed by her surroundings.



With unflinching aim, those flashes shot through the center of the chest of each of the frost eagles, causing them to burst into shimmering pieces.



In recognition of the attack, Shizuku’s eyes flickered to the origin… where Hajime was enclosed by a considerable amount of demonic beasts. He was using a combination of cross bits and Metsurai (TN: Gatling Gun). However, what caught her eye was the muzzle of Donner.



“From there, precision fire without even seeing.”



Even with a distance of twenty meters or more, and with the power of the bullets and the penetration for the bullets having increased by three times, the shock wave from the explosive bullets couldn’t reach her with so many demons between them.



So, how did the precision fire reach Shizuku?



The answer was easy: You only had to shot through them.



That is to say that Hajime shot through the openings between the frost eagles and other monsters -between their groins, under their wings… Shooting with precision like firing through the eye of a needle. Without visually checking, he executed a perfectly cheat-like ability that could be called a miracle.



While forgetting the battle surrounding her, Shizuku was charmed by the power that Hajime wielded. It wasn’t until her childhood friend shouted that her consciousness came back into focus.



“Don’t get carried away! Heavy Crash!!”



While attempting to wake up Shizuku, who used aerodynamic, Ryuutaro ran through the air and flew down from above, striking the Frost Turtle towards the head using a fist wrapped in a gauntlet artifact with the strength of a meteorite.



With a roaring sound, the Frost Turtle’s head crushed with a shock wave. Thanks to the gravity magic on his gauntlet, an icicle attack following Shizuku was interrupted. Ryuutaro gave a premature grin after seeing the results of his attack.



Immediately after the head was crushed, a new head appeared from the root.



“Geh!? Shi—“



To the dark red eyes glinting from inside the shell, Ryuutaro let out an expletive instinctively. The next moment, it let out a breath attack of ice and snow, and Ryuutaro attempted to execute Vajra while crossing both of his arms at once.



However, a hexagonal barrier immediately came into existence, parting the attack. Bikibiki sounds denoted the cracks forming thanks to the powerful attack. A second later, the same barrier formed again, doubling, and then doubling again.



“Suzu’s Heavenly Barrier?”



While Ryuutaro exclaimed in surprise, he turned his gaze to the small magical barrier master who was chanting ahead near Kouki.



Suzu returned a smile at Ryuutaro’s look.



Ryuutaro’s guess was half right.



“Expulsion Space.”



Expulsion space was a defense magic made when compounding magic of two or more barriers. Heavenly barrier was joined with expulsion. Originally, Suzu didn’t have the ability to compound magic, however, thanks to her iron-ribbed fan artifact, the function that allowed magic compounding was obtained.



To Ryuutaro, who was stuck in the barrier under attack from the breath attack, Suzu cast Expulsion Space in a panic. Particularly after seeing a frost eagle attempting to assault him from behind. However, it was unnecessary. Immediately before reaching him, a powerful thunder dragon appeared and consumed it.



“UoOO!? That surprised me!”



While shooting sparks, the great magic dragon passed Ryuutaro who had a drooping expression while uttering such a complaint.



Yue, while directing the seven-headed serpent with slender fingers which danced like batons, turned a quick glance at Ryuutaro, causing his jaws to drop.



With an expression of impossible confidence, she put out a gesture that scolded him which seemed to say that he shouldn’t react to every little thing, and should instead concentrate on his target. Even the thick-headed Ryuutaro seemed to get what she was trying to express.



“Really, every last one of Nagumo’s women are amazing. I can’t imagine how he managed to make them all fall in love with him.”



Ryuutaro had a wry smile, struggling to imagine how the Hajime he knew from back in Japan managed to do it. While executing Vajra, he began to charge, motivated by the fact that Yue was watching him.



As a matter of fact, he fell in love with her at first sight, and was disappointed in love immediately thereafter, thanks to the pink space generated between her and Hajime. He couldn’t even tell his best friend Kouki.



After being showed that sweet space many times between the two, he was able to arrange his feelings. Still, if Yue glanced at him, he couldn’t say he didn’t become happy for a moment.



“Well, mostly…”



While ridiculing himself again, he crushed the head of the frost turtle, while Shizuku again chopped the feet that regenerated on the lowered side.



Naturally though, it was incapacitated, its temporary stop in movement would be over soon, and after just thirty seconds.



It is, in a word…



“Shizuku! Ryuutaro. Fall back. I will go… you monster… Heaven’s Might!”



That’s right, the time necessary to execute Kouki’s Heaven’s Might was reached, the enormous light like a fixed star spiraling from his holy sword proved as such.



Kouki lept forward using a disc created with Aerodynamic, swinging to pierce the frost turtle whose eyes were bugged out.



DoOOOO!!



The aura undulated, and it almost seemed like the sun rose in the hall, such a huge quantity of pure-white light dyed the surroundings.



The Frost Turtle, to that bombardment of light falling towards it, transformed its shell into a cone, in an attempt to distribute the power of the attack. A five meter diameter light impacted the back of the Frost Turtle.



“Kuwaaaan!!!”



A terrific impact sounded and reverberated in the entire area. The screaming of the Frost Turtle resounded with frustration. Its shell, even with its transformation which according to its plan, would distribute the power of the attack – Heaven’s Might was indeed distributed.



However, while under normal circumstances this attack was powerful – thanks to Hajime’s remodelling, it was now even stronger. Kouki’s last resort melted the conic tip, and the armor of ice surrounding the shell disappeared magnificently while white smoke rose.



“Please disappear as it is! Let this power be enough!!”



The Frost Turtle’s eyes began to brighten as it absorbed the surrounding ice to regenerate. Kouki let out a shout with a desperate look. If his authentic maximum attack that spent all of his magical might was endured completely, it’d be proof that he still hadn’t reached the level of attack needed for a Great Dungeon monster.



Since meeting Hajime again, the unpleasantness and painful feelings overflowed. He wanted to do it by means of his own power, by all means.



“… Kouki…”



Nearby Suzu said, with a slightly frightened expression after seeing Kouki’s look.



“OoOOO!!!”



“KuWaAAA!”



The screaming of Kouki and the Frost Turtle collided.



In a moment.



Crack.



After hearing such a sound, innumerable fissure appeared around the Frost Turtle, and ice chips scattered with a pitter pater to the ground.



And,



DoPaAAaA!



The light of the Heaven’s Might crushed that gigantic figure from the back, eliminating the surrounding ground so that there was no free time to allow regeneration. Light swallowed up the front and back of the Frost Turtle.



The scene was like a sea liner breaking in half while sinking.



“KuaaA.”



With a sighing rattle, the dark red light went out from the Frost Turtle’s eyes.



And after a beat the light that swallowed the Frost Turtle gradually reduced, returning the space to normal.



“Woot! Haha… defeated, by me…”



While intensely panting, Kouki tottered. Aerodynamic lost its power, and his body fell, only supported by the nearby Suzu.



“Kouki, are you o…”



Suzu, while supporting him, starting to ask anxiously at that time –



Boba!



While making such a noise, a frost eagle swooped up from the crater where the remains of the Frost Turtle were scattered, while gripping something with both of its talons.



“Why, how come it’s still moving?”



“Kouki… Look at that.”



Kouki looked with tired eyes in astonishment after seeing the area Suzu indicated with a strained voice where she pointed. A dark red crystal was gripped in the talons of the frost eagle…



“Da-damn it! It wasn’t destroyed? However, you’re not getting away.”



While grinding his teeth, Kouki who had used up all of his power while thinking he had destroyed the demon stone with his Heaven’s Might snapped.



The moment the Frost Turtle had judged it wouldn’t be able to win against his attack, it seemed to have returned to its origin within the demon stone and created a frost eagle to bear it away.



Kouki again rose his holy sword with an unsteady hand. Because the mana absorption effect was added to Kouki’s armor by Hajime, he didn’t feel the effect of mana exhaustion.



With no time to delay thanks to the frost eagle with the demon stone that started to make sounds of transformation, Kouki started to press the attack. Not heading for Suzu, he ignored his mana exhaustion like he was possessed.



Even if he had a strong will, the light that gathered in the holy sword was weak. Looking at it, Kouki started to chant the spell for Limit Break.



“With Limit Break…”



“Kouki… listen to me!”



Suzu yelled angrily. Though it’s possible to regain his strength after using Limit Break – the after effects would be great, and it wouldn’t be easy to recover even with recovery magic – and while it would most likely be able to recover completely with regeneration magic, it would use a considerable amount of Hajime’s party magic.



Even though he was pushing ahead alone, Kouki was surrounded by allies… and there was no need to overwork himself.



“The importance of flash claw, break!”



With her sword drawing skill, Shizuku raced through the air while firing a blade of wind that cut the demon stone and the frost eagle that was transmogrifying into pieces.



A dark blue light expanded, along with a shock wave that came from the demon stone in front of Shizuku. She faced it, blocking with her sheath.



The ability of impact conversion was granted to the black sword’s sheath.



The impact was transmitted directly to the demon stone, a fissure began to form with a “bikibiki” sound, and finally…



“Ha!”



Goba!



It was crushed completely, detailed splinters of dark red sparkling crystal fell to the Earth.



At the same time, the large amounts of monsters filling the hall all collapsed together with a rattle, becoming nothing more than lumps of ice.



“……”



“……”



Kouki looked at the scene dumbfounded. Though Suzu supported his shoulder, he was staring around uneasily and didn’t seem to notice.



A splendid, cheerful voice rang out.



“Hahaha. We’ve done it..! Kouki! We won!”



“Eh? Ryuutaro…?”



“Yeah… how to say it… look at that spiraled shell. Heaven’s Might look at that crater. As expected of Kouki.”



Thanks to the expression of his best friend who was hitting his shoulder, Kouki’s obsessed expression returned to his normal one. However, Suzu who was supporting Kouki was still panicked.



“That’s right. I, No… we won. To the Great Labyrinth monster.”



“Yeah, it’s refreshing. After pushing on since before…”



“Haha, certainly, for a moment it is a little refreshing.”



“Right? The day when we can catch up to Nagumo seems to come a bit closer.”



“… Its good if that’s the case.”



While expressing gratitude to Suzu, whose shoulder he borrowed, Kouki stood tall by himself with a wry smile. Thanks to the brightness of Ryuutaro, his dark mood cleared up a little. However, a deep regret remained that he was not able to do it with his own power.



“Shizuku…”



“? Thanks for the hard work, Kouki.”



Shizuku returned by jumping down to Kouki’s position. Kouki smoothed over his sharp glance while panicking. Though Shizuku felt somewhat uneasy after looking at Kouki’s appearance, she gave thanks for the hard work after their long awaited victory.



“Is that right? Apart from that, Kouki’s Heaven’s Might, your strongest attack, since strengthening the holy sword, was more than I imagined.”



“That’s right! That’s right! An amazing blow.”



“Ma… something like that is…”



While Shizuku modestly praised the Heaven’s Might that caused the crater before her eyes, making light of her own achievements, Suzu tried to dispel the desperate feeling in the air with clichéd praise.



As might be expected, Kouki felt embarrassed: being praised by two girls in parting, while smiling and scratching his cheek.



A voice comes from behind Kouki’s party.



“Oo~i, though it’s good to enjoy your victory, it would be good to leave soon!”



While looking at Hajime, who was standing on a mountain of ice showing a cool appearance without an indication he had taken on a thousand opponents, he tapped his shoulder with Donner while indicating a direction.



An advancing passage seemed to have appeared in the wall where the Frost Turtle had come from.



While Kouki’s party nodded to each other, they headed over to Hajime, who released Aerodynamic.



“Grats. You seem to be able to fight without any trouble against the Great Labyrinth monster.”



For Hajime that expressed rare words of praise, a look that seemed like it was observing a rare animal was turned towards Kouki. Do biting words come from such a glance? Shizuku answered with a panic towards Hajime who gave such a look.



“Yes… thank you. Thanks for the power of these artifacts.”



“Well… you seemed to have mastered them well. Although, I wasn’t worried since we’re fighting as a group, anyway.”



“Yeah? While you might think it was trivial, the precision firing I saw Nagumo use sent shivers up my back.”



“… When death approaches – a person can do the unexpected.”



To the faraway look in Hajime’s eyes while recalling the past…. Shizuku expressed a smile while thinking about his reliability.



“As far as that goes… Nagumo. Did we pass?”



Irritated, Kouki diverted the conversation between Hajime and Shizuku.



“N? Ah, to say were your efforts accepted?”



“That’s right.”



“It should be alright, given the concept of this Great Labyrinth.”



“In what way…”



Kouki inclined his neck to the previous comment. Hajime turned his eyes to Tio, seeking her confirmation. Tio, who opened her mouth, expressed her full approval.



“With infinity reproducing monsters, with the ability to freeze you to death, and a master-class monster built like a fortress, it was certainly troublesome. However, if you fight only a strong monster, isn’t that the same as Orcus? The concept isn’t clear for the Ice and Snow Cave.”



“Though all of us knocked down at least three digits worth of monsters.”



“Because there were over a thousand monsters to overwhelm us, I don’t think we failed.”



“… Nn, without question.”



Hajime’s group said one after another, calm and composed as those who had the most experience in great labyrinth clearing compared to Kouki’s party.



While thinking such differences were being shown off, the dark and unpleasant feelings once again swirled in Kouki’s heart while he showed a consenting face.



Shizuku, who was worried about Kouki’s appearance, left it for later, since Hajime was urging them forward.



And again… they went forward into the passage enclosed with large ice walls.



After walking for thirty minutes, as the last light was seen at the tip of the passage… the extended maze was vast, like a joke.





Chapter 139




Spreading out below them was a vast maze.



It was vast maze inside a great labyrinth. That was the scene they were now looking at from the exit of the passage.



The walls overhead formed a vault. The maze could easily be confused with an athletic park if not for its sheer size. Based only on what they could see, the maze was at least 1 kilometer deep. They couldn’t see anything farther because of the snowfall, but since the width of the maze seemed to be at least 10 kilometers, it could be guessed that the depth wouldn’t be any less.



From the exit of the passage where they were currently standing, there were stairs leading down to the maze. At the end of the stairs stood an arch-shaped entrance to the maze. It seemed that after entering the maze, getting to the exit would be the second trial of the great labyrinth.



“What, do we have to pass through such an insanely huge maze? How annoying!”



“Ryuutaro, it can’t be helped. This is part of the trials.”



“But still!”



Ryuutaro hated trivialness. While looking at the maze below, his expression distorted into one of complete irritation. Kouki, while forcing a smile, was trying to calm him down, only to receive a dissatisfied look in return.



Then at that time, Ryuutaro suddenly grinned. It seemed he had thought of something.



“Oi. I just thought of something good. Now that we’re in an open space, let’s just fly over it!”



Without a word, but a with a face which seemed to say “I’ve got it!”, Ryuutaro used “Aerodynamic” and jumped into the air.



“Ba, Baka! Come back!”



“Ryu, Ryuutaro-kun!”



Shizuku and Suzu impatiently tried to restrain Ryuutaro whose imprudence knew no bounds.



Kouki also promptly reached out to stop him but it was already too late.



It looked like Ryuutaro got a little excited at the seemingly easy way out of the trial. The muscle-headed Ryuutaro who always rushed in seemed even more careless than usual this time. Being always positive and active could be considered one of Ryuutaro’s strong points, but since he often went too far, it was more of weak point in the end. And this kind of weakness is fatal in a great labyrinth.



Hajime crossed his arms as he stared observingly at Ryuutaro’s recklessness, who finally reached the overhead boundary line of the great labyrinth.



At that moment,



Voonn!!



“Nuwaa!?”



A sound that seemed to bend the air itself resounded, the air surrounding Ryuutaro virtually shook. Immediately after, Ryuutaro’s shape disappeared.



“Ryuutaro!?”



“Ah mou! This fool!”



“Fuue!? What do we do! Nagumo-kun, Ryuutaro-kun has disappeared!”



Kouki and his party frantically asked. With a face on the verge of tears, Suzu desperately asked for Hajime’s help.



As for Hajime, he was concentrating on the information provided by his demon eye stone and didn’t look like he was paying any attention to Suzu’s plea for help. She had been completely ignored.



The moment the air bent, Hajime’s demon eye stone sensed the action of a magical power. At the same time, Hajime picked up a magical response from the corner of his field of vision and had shifted his gaze toward its direction. At the end of his line of sight, before they knew it, a hexagonal prism of ice was hanging from the ceiling. At that very location, a similar phenomenon of air distortion had occurred during which the ice prism sprouted from the ceiling, revealing the figure of Ryuutaro inside the prism.



“He’s right there.”



“Ehh?”



“What?”



“Where!”



They all reacted to Hajime’s answer and followed his gaze. Then they became speechless. That was because they saw their childhood friend, who had disappeared, in the ice prism, looking like a specimen would in an exhibition.



On the other hand, despite being inside the block of ice, Ryuutaro’s expression had turned frantic, as though he had still retained his consciousness.



However, thinking things had suddenly taken a turn for the worse would be an overstatement. Indeed, Ryuutaro was not inside stone, but ice. It looked like he had activated “Vajra” and was trying his best to free himself. However, he seemed unable to move, and he was in pain with every breath he took.



Moreover, as if to make sure the trespasser was properly dealt with, countless icicles with sharp edges had grown from the surrounding ceiling.



“This, This is bad…”



“This pattern, it’s unmistakably…”



“Awawa, I have to deploy a barrier right now.”



Naturally, they were instantly able to guess who the icicles which had appeared were pointing at, and their faces turned pale.



A panicked Suzu was trying to deploy a barrier to protect him, but since the ceiling was 500 meters above their heads, it was hard to deploy it at the right coordinates immediately. This is why deploying a barrier on her current position and launching it towards Ryuutaro might be the best way to go about it. However, would it make it in time?



“U~n, even with a barrier it seems he would die from suffocation sooner or later… Why would there be a need for drilling icicles to begin with?”



“Can’t you lend a hand without analyzing things so calmly!?”



Shizuku retorted with a face on the verge of tears while Hajime simply tilted his neck in response.



Hajime was thinking that the icicles were some kind of guarantee in case Ryuutaro somehow managed to escape, and that they wouldn’t attack immediately if left alone. He planned to share his conjecture with the others, but it seemed Shizuku and the others were feeling really uneasy about their comrade’s predicament.



Hajime shrugged his shoulders in response to Shizuku and turned his gaze toward Yue and Kaori. They both gave a small nod, showing they had understood Hajime’s intentions. Rather, taking into account the speed with which the spell was cast, it looked like Yue had guessed Hajime’s request before he could even shift his gaze to her.



“Field Pierce.”



“Mou, it can’t be helped, because Ryuutaro-kun’s bad habit never changes no matter how much time passes…”



The space before Kaori’s eyes opened and a transfer gate appeared. The opposite gate’s light shone from the side of the ice prism which entrapped Ryuutaro.



With a wry smile, Kaori deployed her silver wings and fired a large number of silver feathers through the gate.



After crossing the gate and fluttering around Ryuutaro’s surroundings, the silver feathers clung to the ice prism and started decomposing it effortlessly.



Seeing the prey escaping, as if making a judgment of their own, the countless icicles which had sprouted from the surrounding ceiling finally started shooting towards Ryuutaro.



Nevertheless, the prism which was covered with feathers like a cocoon was in itself a protective wall due to the decomposition effect of the feathers. Consequently, the group of icicles which was fired from the ceiling like the projectiles of a Gatling gun turned into mist as it met the silver feathers, leaving not even the trace of a single ice shard, and was carried away with the wind.



“Kaori, while you’re at it, you carry out his punishment. Decompose this fool’s groin.”



While Kouki and the others were breathing a sigh of relief after seeing Ryuutaro saved by the silver feathers of a Kaori whose body was suited for both offense and defense, Hajime spat out these merciless words. Kouki’s mouth was flapping open and closed with a face saying “what a scary punishment!”



“Gr, Groin… There’s no way I can do such a thing! Ha, Hajime-kun, no ecchi!”



To a Kaori who had been thrown into panic due to her misinterpretation of Hajime’s words, Yue added more fuel to the fire with a cold look.



“… What exactly is ecchi in decomposing a fool’s groin? Kaori, you react too much to the word ‘Groin’, you pervert.” (En: *Delete’s his groin decomposition sadism fanfic.*)



“N, No! Yue! To do that I have to touch his groin with my silver feathers right? Isn’t that the same thing as indirectly telling me to touch Ryuutaro-kun’s groin! That’s ecchi!”



“No matter what you say, that doesn’t change the fact that you overreacted to the word ‘Groin’ and your face turned red. You pervert.”



“Yue just wants to make me look like a pervert right!? I, I am not someone who has any interest in things like groins!”



“Ho… Does that statement also apply to Hajime’s groin?”



“!? Th, That’s, how to say it…, I just, I just a little, Umm…”



“… Nn. As I thought, you pervert. You groin master.”



“How mean! No matter how you look at it that title is just too cruel! Hajime-kun, I truly don’t have any excessive interest in groins! I swear!”



“Aa~ Nn. I got it. It’s my fault for starting this conversation to begin with. Now, you two, stop repeatedly talking about groins. Look, Amanogawa doesn’t look like he can take it any longer. Taniguchi looks about to breathe fire. Yaegashi looks like a mother seeing off her grown-up daughter.”



Being told so by an amazed Hajime, Kaori turned towards Kouki and the others. Indeed, they seemed to be exactly in the state Hajime described.



Kouki, with a face saying “Where did that pure and innocent Kaori I know go?”, had turned his head away to escape from reality and his gaze was wandering in circles. Suzu, while making a red face, was muttering “Adult, Adult …”.



And then Shizuku, while looking a little lonely somewhere inside, was looking at Kaori with an affectionate face, like the face of a mother rejoicing at the growth of her daughter.



Kaori shivered. At this rate, she was going to be thought of as a pervert excessively interested in groins by her childhood friends.



She panicked and took a step forward to explain herself. At that moment,



“Kyaaaaaaaaaaa!! It hurrrrrts!!”



A shriek came from above. It was Ryuutaro’s voice. Startled, they all looked above. There was no longer the sweeping fire of icicles. Instead, all they caught sight of was the shining silver cocoon. Then they could guess why Ryuutaro was screaming. Ryuutaro vigorously gave Kaori a look implying “Idiot”.



“Ehh? Ah! Ryu, Ryutaro-kun, I’m sorry!!”



Kaori hurriedly undid the cocoon of silver feathers.



Inside, Ryuurato’s worn-out face appeared, his eyes rolling back in his head.



The prism had been decomposed a while ago. Kaori who was busy trying to come up with a justification had completely forgotten to cancel the spell. As a result, Ryuutaro who was inside had started decomposing as well.



Ryuutaro, devoid of any power, started free falling to the ground. Suzu created a light web to receive him and then brought him to their current location.



No one wanted to look at Ryuutaro whose clothes had been tattered. When Ryuutaro’s nude muscular half was exposed, everyone averted their eyes in a different direction.



Hajime sent a gaze to Kouki and the others who had averted their eyes implying “Amenogawa, you guys are supposed to be close friends right……” but Kouki kept his gaze away from Ryuutaro and started surveying the surroundings unnaturally as if looking out for any sign of danger.



Ryuutaro’s nether region seemed safe, but its surrounding clothes were gone. Close friends or not, it couldn’t be helped that they had all averted their eyes.



His eyes were rolled back in his head and he was in a tattered state. This day would be known as the day the 17-year-old’s groin was exposed publicly. This day would undoubtedly remain a part of Ryuutaro’s dark past forever.



With all her strength, Kaori closed her eyes while keeping her gaze away, using reproduction magic to lend the forsaken Ryuutaro a hand.



“….. Kaori, you’re a cruel person. Ripping his clothes at that place.”



“That was the result of your being mean and distracting me earlier!”



“….. Nn. Shifting the responsibility to someone else is bad. Now take responsibility and heal him without looking away.”



“No, No way! There’s nothing to see! I don’t want to see anything besides Hajime’s!”



“As a master healer, you can’t do things that way. Now, look properly. And burn it into your memory, the groin of another person than Hajime, that is.”



“Nooo! Stop it! Stop pushing me! Don’t force me into a sexual relationship I don’t want!”



While Kaori was forcefully helping Ryuutaro, Yue used just the right amount of wind magic to try to open Kaori’s eyes. Pinpointing the exact location of her eyes, in addition to possessing a good amount of power, and on top of that, being harmless to Kaori. This was truly a feat only possible for Yue who deserved nothing less than the title of genius.



“Yue-san and Kaori-san, somehow, they seem to get along well.”



“Well, I get the feeling Yue likes teasing Kaori but…. yeah they seem rather playful don’t they?”



“Isn’t this more or less a form of friendship? Always quarrelling and so on…..”



(TN: For better or worse, this is where Tingle’s translation ends, and my/Southbounds begins)



Hajime smiled at the sight of the childish fight between Yue and Kaori. It was different from the relationship Yue and Shia shared. Hajime was extremely pleased that Yue exhibited such a happy mood.



When they play, rather than acting the part of an older sister as she would with Shia, she talked to Kaori more like a friend. The gap in childish behavior from Yue caused Hajime to hold back more than usual, and if asked, he would say things were fine because of Yue.



Ryuutaro’s darkest moment was turned into a punishment game for his childhood friend by none other than the woman he fell in love with at first sight…



“… It’s become enough punishment.”



“It is terrible…”



“Ryuutaro… I’m sorry, I am powerless.”



To the nearly unconscious Ryuutaro, Kouki gave a sympathetic expression… even thought he was still averting his gaze.



Five minutes later, after he had regained his consciousness and clothing, Ryuutaro gave an apology for acting rashly, which received lukewarm glances.



While Ryuutaro was trying to figure out what happened, Kouki tried to subtly deceive him with some polite fiction. However, because Hajime smirked and laughed at him, he had dark clouds hanging from his back, unlike his usual cheerful self.



Kouki desperately tried to calm Ryuutaro down while glancing back at Hajime and the rest as they started descending the staircase.



“Yue, just to be sure, is there any way we can fly over and skip this maze?”



“… Difficult, because I am not skilled enough yet, the mana consumption would be too high to continue with.”



“Oh well, figure as much. Looks like we need to take the maze head on.”



Hajime pulled out Shlagen (Tn: again, his rifle), and aimed it at the edge of ice wall. After hearing the shot, everyone looked at the wall in surprise.



The ice wall wasn’t too thick to be broken with Schlagen or Orkan.



However, as Hajime had expected, after the red spark pierced the wall, the surrounding ice around the hole restored it in no time. The restoration speed was even faster than the monsters from before.



“… Looks like it’s impossible to just break down the wall to quickly reach the goal after all.” Hajime muttered.



While watching for any counter attacks from the maze, he took out his compass with one hand. While the others looked at him in amazement, especially after what just happened to Ryuutaro, he ignored them.



“Next, let’s see if this guy works properly in the maze…”



Although everyone tensed when Hajime walked through the archway entrance to the maze… Hajime just watched the compass in his hand without any particular worry.



Right at the entrance was a reversed T-Junction that led to the right and left. The compass needle shown slightly, pointing them to the right passage.



“Fumu, looks like it doesn’t have any problem in the maze?”



“Ah. The maze won’t be a maze, thanks to this.”



Hajime smiled wryly at Tio’s affirmation as she followed him and passed through the arch. He was thinking he wished he had it during the Raisen Great Labyrinth.



“Uu, Meredi would have been no problem with this.”



“… Nn. Maybe that’s why they entrusted it to Haltina.”



While Shia responded with a sulk and ducked through the entrance, Yue and she reached the same conclusion as Hajime, that the compass was likely left in the Sea of Trees for that very reason.



Hajime patted each of them on the shoulder lightly, offering comfort. The three of them looked at each other with bitter smiles.



With an expression of disappointment at not being able to share those memories, Kaori and Tio shared a glance. After a background glance, the group moved onward.



With a width and length of ten kilometers, how long would such a maze take to clear normally? You would have to search in the cold that made you want to cry. It’d take incredible willpower.



“There’s… quite a sense of oppression.”



“Yeah. Because everyone’s appearance reflects from the walls, like a mirror house.”



Suzu was looking uneasily at the ten meter high Shizuku who was reflected on the icy walls.



“Because they came out of the walls earlier… is that the idea?”



“Likely. It’s a huge maze where you wonder around aimlessly. If or when a monster appears might be quite deadly.”



“… Nn, but there’s no problem.”



“That’s right, because we have Hajime’s Magic Eye and its perception abilities. Also, my rabbit ears won’t miss the sound of a surprise attack either.”



Shia was especially bright and confident. It was emphasized loudly when she struck the melons on her chest with a “ton” noise. Shizuku and Suzu’s morale took a hit, however Kouki and Ryuutaro were boosted after a quick glance as proof.



Of course, Hajime was giving them a glare. After becoming aware and admitting his feelings for Shia, he reacted to such gestures towards Shia.



“… Hajime?”



“*Cough* Ummm… The next turn is left, right?”



Giving a gentle look, Kaori tried to change the subject with a cough. Hajime looked at the compass awkwardly.



After seeing Hajime’s reaction, Shia covered her chest with her arms while her cheeks blushed her body wiggled.



“Really Hajime, what are you saying? You want to play with my chest again? Please pardon me that teasing smile… Well, that’s not to say it wasn’t amazing, and I’d love to do it again. But right now is no good! If you do it now, I will faint again and we won’t be able to finish the walk through-”



To Shia’s confession, everyone turned their face to Hajime with an expression that said “what on earth did you do.” mixed with shivering, shame, and envy. Hajime pretended not to notice and used his right to remain silent.



“… Hajime… What was done to Shia during her first time?… Hajime wild beast?”



“If I’m a wild beast, Yue is a beast trainer. Although I endure and counterattack.”



While listening to Yue and Hajime’s conversation and thinking “it’s THAT, isn’t it?”, it could be said their experience was piling up, and the stairs to adulthood was climbed considerably.



Everyone was behaving suspiciously, at a loss on whether they should be listening to this conversation or not, when Hajime suddenly halted.



And, slipping out Donner high speed without looking back, he shot.



Dopan!!



The released bullet pass overhead of the blushing and panicking Suzu and crushed the arm with claws that was growing soundlessly from the wall.



“…!?”



Thanks to her small height, only a few hairs were lost. She lost her voice as the red flash passed by, experiencing the full power that was released from it.



“Coming, right and left wall.”



Hajim reported a warning while ignoring the strangled noises coming from Suzu. His appearance was someone already switched completely to battle mode.



From the surrounding walls, fingers with claws, bones, and sinew, an ice statue like an armored Bullet beetle appeared.



“GuoOOO!” X5



From the right and left, Frost ogres attacked. Kouki intercepted the right side while Hajime took the left.



Shizuku and Kouki’s killer attacks cut a Frost Ogre in two. Ryuutaro’s fist attack crushed one at the chest, and the two remaining are forced at bay by Suzu’s magical barrier.



This time, the demon stone that produced them infinitely did not appear in another place. A dark red crystal appeared inside the cut and the crushed chests. Kouki shot a blow at it.



The remainder were held in place by Suzu and Shizuku damaging them.



Meanwhile, Kouki and Ryuutaro delivered the finishing blows on the Frost ogres that they were dealing with. It was a one sided fight.



Forgetting caution, Kouki and Ryuutaro smiled at each other, and then they heard the shout of a lovely voice…



“UryaaA!”



Kouki, who turned around with a sudden look, saw the beautiful legs of Shia in an upward kick as she knocked five Frost ogres above them.



Though they struggled desperately, the Frost ogres didn’t have the ability to fly, and crashed to the ground naturally thanks to gravity.



Shia, as she came back down, rotated elegantly and swung Doryuken with centrifugal force, hitting the frost ogre who had fallen down with perfect timing to be blown into a wall and shattered into pieces like a bomb exploding.



Shia didn’t stop rotating, repeating the action with the other ogres. It appeared more like playing than actual combat.



Each Frost ogre crashed into the wall at the same exact place, causing the wall to take considerable damage.



“Suzu will be nice to rabbits when we get home. It is not wise to anger them, we should be nice…”



“Suzu… I completely understand your feelings.”



While trembling at the sight, Suzu muttered these statements. When they return home, she didn’t want to hold the rabbits of Earth in fear.



“They’re not that strong. The surprise attack from anyone… well, it’s okay if we take note.”



Yue nodded slightly at what Hajime said, and Shizuku and her party were half smiling, because they were an enemy they wouldn’t have a problem with if they were cooperating.



Afterwards, they encountered various traps. Ice spikes came from the walls; ice walls collapsed. Demons appeared from the walls for the next twelve hours as they explored the labyrinth maze.



While it wasn’t extremely challenging, the continuous and monotonus scenery caused Kouki and the rest’s attention to wander.



“Really, though we’ve walked and walked, Nagumo, how much further?”



Shizuku asked with a voice laced in exhaustion to Hajime’s party, who seemed to be alright.



“Hmm? Because we’re in a maze, the straight line distance won’t be accurate. We seem to be about two kilometers from the entrance.”



“Is that so?”



“Oh dear… let’s take a rest a little if there is a suitable place.”



“Fufu… thank you.”



While looking at the state of Shizuku’s companions, Hajime said while shrugging his shoulders. This caused her to smile broadly and got psyched up without noticing. However, Hajime’s harem and Ryu noticed.



A while later they encountered a large double door, of which the compass indicated they needed to pass through.



“This is a spectacular door, too.”



“… Nn, Pretty.”



Looking up at the huge doors, they could see it wasn’t just made of ice. It was carved with flowers, thorns and roses, with a large round hole that took up about the fourth of the door within the design.



Hajime, for the time being, tried using the full power of his body against the door; however, as he had suspected, the large double doors did not budge at all.



“As I thought, the door won’t open until we find whatever goes into that cavity. Really, how troublesome.”



Hajime frowned, and the other members showed unpleasant expressions. It had already been more than fifteen hours since they had entered, and Kouki’s group were showing faces that were quickly growing tired.



“… Hajime. For now…”



“That’s right. For now, let’s set up to rest.”



Kouki’s group gave out a relieved expression and let out sighs at Hajime’s word. Obviously, their mental exhaustion had gathered considerably.



“You, stop going near the walls. It’s likely they’ll make a surprise attack, so come to the center if you’re going to take a rest.”



With that, Hajime stopped fifty meters away, took out a large tent from his Treasure Warehouse. While it wouldn’t stop a surprise attack, it would provide shelter.



With surprise, Kouki and party entered into the tent that had appeared suddenly before their eyes, seeing a space of about ten tatami mats inside.



“… This is a kotatsu (Tn: heated table)”



“Waa… a soft and warm carpet…”



“Neither snow nor wind enter here. Is this a magical barrier…? It’s a good temperature in this room.”



“No, it’s seriously comfortable! As expected of Nagumo.”



Shizuku said with an amazed expression leveled at Hajime. The girls were already warming themselves in the kotatsu while Suzu crawled onto the fluffy carpet on all fours.



For the moment, it was impossible to remove their shoes within the large labyrinth. However, there’s no problem keeping it clean. A fragment of crystal attached to the carpet was imbued with regeneration magic. It automatically cleaned any dirt or detritus that touched the carpet. (Tn: Only the Japanese would be concerned about their shoes dirtying a tent floor on a camping trip :P)



Exactly, a space of healing.



The group warmed themselves enthusiastically in the kotatsu with drowsy faces, except Suzu, who was already asleep lying face down. Thanks to the artifact for protection against the cold, they didn’t feel it so much, but after being surrounded by ice, everyone was happy to be in a warm space.



As such, while being surrounded by each side by Yue and Shia, Hajime took out some Cross bits.



While the group looked with popped eyes, they disappeared outside to create a ring around the tent in the passage.



“We shouldn’t be bothered with those four patrolling outside. The cross bits will give us a chance to relax.”



“… What’s that?”



“As long as you have the credentials, they should have no problems.”



“But do they know what they’re guarding?”



“The cross bits have been set to guard around the gate.”



To Shizuku’s questioning face, and Kouki’s scornful eyes, Hajime answered while inclining his head a little. Yue was at his side, placing a hand on his face.



“… Not tired?”



“This tent has a recovery function.” (TN: Is that how he made Shia lose consciousness? Giggity)



Hajime smiled while Yue’s hand softly stroked his face gently while fluttering heart marks drifted between the two of them.



And, at that time, two rabbit ears touched Hajime’s neck, drawing his attention to Shia. Shia drew her cheek near Hajime’s shoulder with moistened upturned eyes that said “care for me too?”.



Hajime drew an arm around Shia’s waist and drew her close firmly. Doubling the heart marks going out. A pink space poured out, and you could almost swear the room temperature was increasing somehow.



While watching Tio and Kaori, who were slowly approaching them, Suzu muttered while on her own.



“… It seems that this space doesn’t heal a lonely heart.”



Kouki and the others agreed whole heartily.





Chapter 140




Whispering voice



Howa, Howa, Fuwa, Fuwa.



Surely, if there were sounds to describe the current situation, it ought to be those words. Among the seven great labyrinths, there was a labyrinth called the ice and snow cave. And inside that labyrinth was a gigantic maze in which there was a sealed door before which laid a tent. The mood inside the tent had become a pink space.



“… Hajime. Aaa…n.”



“Nn. Aaa…n… Mmn. It’s good. As expected, the best thing to eat while using a kotatsu is stew.”



“Hajime-san, have some of mine too. Aaa…n.”



“Aaa…n… Mmn. Anyway, Shia, your cooking skills are improving every day, you will make a great wife.”



“Je-Jeez, Hajime-san! Such a thing! To say that I’m extremely cute, and on top of that, I would make a lovely wife from whom you wouldn’t want to be away for even a moment! You’re making me blush-!”



“Hajime, what about me?”



“Nn? Isn’t that obvious? You will become the best wife in the world.”



“Nn… I will also do my best to learn how to cook.”



“Fufufu, Yue-san, let’s study together and make Hajime’s favorite dishes.”



While “Aaa…n” feeding Hajime, Yue and Shia, who were sitting on both sides of Hajime, were having a conversation from which no one could imagine they were inside one of the world’s great labyrinths.



There was stew on top of the kotatsu. That was seafood stew prepared by Shia, the smell of which tickled every nose in the vicinity. The ingredients had been acquired at the maritime town Erisen, frozen and stored inside the treasure warehouse.



Shia, with splendid knife-handling skills, had prepared the seafood along with various vegetables and seasoned the whole mix exquisitely. The sauce which looked like Ponzu (TL: citrus-based sauce, source wiki) was also neatly done and truly wonderful. Because her housework was also perfect, Hajime’s praise of Shia being a great wife was no overstatement.



Nevertheless, Shia was over interpreting. Hajime who had become tolerant towards Shia’s attitude didn’t particularly mind nor snap her out of it.



Then, as Yue was lightly tugging at his sleeve while asking ‘Will I become a good wife?’ with the expression of a lover, Hajime could of course not disagree, especially when she wore a gentle smile and displayed such a willingness to train hard to learn homemaking.



“Ne, Nee, Hajime-kun? What about me? Housework and cooking are also two of my strong points you know? I’ll make plenty of delicious dishes for my husband and properly welcome him every day, you know?”



“Goshujin-sama, Mistress also thinks she will become a good wife, you know? As you know, Mistress is a ‘devoted wife’. She guarantees she will make Goshujin-sama feel satisfied every day! Right? So, please also give this mistress some words of praise.”



Hajime, Yue and Shia’s pink space was interrupted by Kaori and Tio’s impatience. Clinging to Hajime from behind, they were begging with a sweet tone for the same words he said to Yue and Shia.



“… Maa, since originally Kaori was always monopolizing the first place of the ‘I want to date her’ and ‘I want to marry her’ category rankings at school, isn’t she already a charming wife?”



“Mouu! Not that. I’m not asking about the general opinion, but Hajime-san’s!”



“… Kaori. Why are you hurting yourself?”



“Yu-Yue!? What do you mean!?”



“… You’ve already come to understand. You’re still five, no, six years too soon.”



“Concrete numbers, huh! Uu, the path might be rugged, but I won’t lose!”



Yue answered in place of the evasive Hajime. With teary eyes, Kaori clenched her fists and renewed her determination. In truth, seeing how Kaori was not discouraged, Hajime’s heart softened, but he kept it secret for now.



“Umm, Goshujin-sama?”



Tio, with tearful eyes, was pressing for an answer. Two splendid watermelons were heavily riding on Hajime’s head, stroking him. She was obviously doing it on purpose.



“… You said ‘As you know’. But let’s see you state concretely the contents of the ‘devotion’ you speak of.”



“Mu? Isn’t that obvious? Of course, every day, be it morning, day or night, I will do ‘this–‘ and ‘that–‘ to Goshujin-sama, and then I will do ‘that–‘ and ‘this–‘ again. Then, Goshujin-sama will do “this–” to reward me right? That’s why I will return the favor by doing “that–“. Ah, I feel relieved. Doing “this–” and “that–” properly, then “that—————” Ababababababababa-!?”



“… You worthless dragon. You will be the only one I leave behind in this world.”



“Tio-san, restrain yourself a little…”



In response to Tio who was shamelessly continuing her indecent talk thoroughly, an ‘Abababa’ sound caused by Hajime’s ‘Lightning Clad’ interrupted Tio’s speech.



With a ‘PikuPiku’ sound, Tio kept convulsing without getting up. The lightning seemed really effective. Even Shia was stunned at the appearance of such a Tio.



However, since ‘I will leave you behind’ was meant as threatening words, it could be quite naturally assumed he was planning on taking her along as well.



The fact that Tio was standing close to Hajime was obviously the proof she was spontaneously asking Hajime’s permission to be by his side.



Kouki and the others were sitting on a kotatsu on the opposite side, silently pecking at their stew while trying their best to ignore the ongoing scene. However, barely able to put up with the irresponsible and irritating scene, their chopsticks were continuously shaking in frustration.



“Kouki… even though I thought I had gotten used to this kind of commotion…”



“Don’t talk about that, Ryuutaro, my mind can’t take it anymore…”



“Isn’t it a good thing? Objectively seeing how we used to be?”



“Used to be? Could it be you are actually angry at…? No, forget it.”



Kouki was glancing at Hajime and Kaori with an extremely complicated expression and speaking in a low voice with Ryuutaro whose face showed deep annoyance. Strangely, the usually sarcastic Shizuku remained quiet, roughly snatching fish from the stew. She would gaze at Hajime from time to time, obviously irritated. Suzu, who had brought up the topic, shrank back spontaneously each time she was remembered of the fuss.



And, at that moment, Hajime set down his chopsticks (which he was barely using because of being ‘Aaa…n’ed all the time) and took out a shiny gray metal plate from his pocket. It had an uneven sharp tip and a magic square engraved on it. It was a ‘gate key’ which connected space.



Hajime suddenly turned back and projected the key. It was connected to the cross bits he had sent looking for the key to open the sealed door that prevented them from proceeding further. At the center of the plate which had stuck into space, a gate opened. On the other side of the gate was a gem-like object emitting yellow light from a pedestal in a room surrounded by ice walls.



Furthermore, there was one more thing.



“GuruaAAAAAAA!!!”



From the other side of the gem, there was also the form of a five-meter tall furious-looking frost ogre approaching.



“Bufu!?” X4



Kouki and the others who were seated at the kotatsu and pecking at their stew all simultaneously spewed it out. At any rate, their meal was interrupted by a war cry and they were suddenly being approached by an ogre clearly on a different level than the ogres they had confronted so far. It was pointless to tell them not to panic.



However, Hajime didn’t particularly panic and extended his hand through the gate, picked up the yellow gem. In exchange, he simply extracted a metal ball about twice as big as a basketball from his treasure warehouse. A ‘Bachi’ sound resounded as he instantly poured electricity inside, after which he casually threw the ball through the gate as if throwing trash away.



Then, he immediately turned the key, closing the gate, and retrieving it.



Immediately thereafter,



ZudoOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!



From a distant place, the sound of a ridiculously powerful explosion reverberated as the air started vibrating.



Hajime sat down and picked up his chopsticks as if nothing had particularly happened. The gem clad in yellow light on top of the table was proof that this series of unbelievable events took place in their reality.



“… Hajime. Aaa~n.”



“Hajime-san, Aaa~n desu.”



And, as expected, Yue and Shia also resumed the ‘Aaa~n’ as if nothing had happened. Kouki and the others who had been dripping cold sweat snapped back to reality and simultaneously opened their mouths.



“No, no, no, no, there’s definitely something not right, right!?!?” X4



“Nn?”



Hajime, whose mouth was being stuffed with fresh seafood by Kaori and Tio who entered the feeding competition, tilted his head as if to say ‘what’s wrong?’.



With an expression not hiding his irritation towards Hajime’s behavior, Kouki inquired.



“Nagumo. What was that earlier?”



“Earlier you say… But you were looking, weren’t you?”



“I was! But not that! I’m talking about what you did!”



“What I did… you ask strange things. It’s just as you saw, right?”



Hajime gave Kouki a gaze questioning his sanity after Kouki raised his voice. Not having obtained the response he was seeking, Kouki looked ready to flip the table over in anger at any moment.



Shizuku came to the emotionally unstable Kouki while rubbing her forehead as if putting up with a headache and tried to explain the ‘as you saw’ part to Kouki.



“In short, Nagumo-kun found this yellow gem you can see with his cross bits, and retrieved it using ‘gate’. It’s likely that the moment the cross bits intruded the place where the gem used to be, some monster supposed to be its guardian or something reacted angrily, before being killed by the bomb Nagumo-kun tossed away through the gate…. or so I guess.”



“Ah. It’s completely as you say. Just like what you saw, right?”



“That’s what I’m saying! Isn’t there something wrong with this! You normally don’t just go around directly confronting a guardian keeping the dungeon’s treasure, defeating it, and retrieving the prize like that!”



Kouki was honestly saying something trivial.



“No, isn’t it better to collect them easily like this? It would be a bother to be busy chasing after each one of the four keys ourselves, right?”



“Th-That may be so. But if we don’t follow the rules, will our progress be acknowledged by the labyrinth…”



“Once or twice should be alright. We did take a considerable shortcut at the Great Volcano, and our capture was acknowledged with no problem after all. It should be fine if Yue’s group and Amanogawa’s group respectively defeat the guardians of the two remaining keys and retrieve them. I’ll map a route for you.”



“Uu… Is the difficulty alright? It’s the capture of a great labyrinth after all?”



“Kouki… Stop thinking too deeply about Nagumo. You don’t want stomach pain at that age.”



Kouki was holding his head between his hands. Ryuutaro patted his shoulders with an expression of sympathy.



“That’s right. Nagumo-kun is the walking embodiment of irrationality. There’s nothing to be surprised about.”



“Shizu, Shizu…… When Suzu thinks about Guardian-san, she becomes excessively sad for some reason. If another Guardian-san is dragged out by Nagumo-kun, I think things will definitely look bad. So let’s work hard to preserve our sanity?”



Ryuutaro approved the advice a sad-looking Suzu had given Shizuku as Suzu was gulping down fish and turned to her in turn.



“It seems it would also be difficult for me to have the ‘common sense’ I have conceived so far be damaged any further by Hajime. I have to agree with Suzu’s suggestion.”



Kouki and his group had satisfied their hunger and were pecking at the last remnants of their food when the sound of a second explosion reverberated through the great labyrinth.



~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~



“I wonder if Shizuku-chan and the others are fine…”



Kaori’s worried voice echoed.



They were before the two sealed doors.



Three gems had already been put into the door’s corresponding sockets. Of the three, aside from two gems Hajime had obtained effortlessly, the other had been brought by Yue’s team, who had easily defeated the gem’s guardian and seized its key, which was to be expected given their ability.



Only one key was remaining, the last gem. It was the gem Kouki’s team headed to while being guided by one of Hajime’s Cross bits. As a result of splitting into two groups, Kaori had grown anxious, wondering if Kouki’s team would be able to defeat the last gem’s guardian safely.



“Looks like there’s no problem. They had a hard fight, but it looks like they managed to bring it down. They don’t have any severe injuries. At some point, it did seem like Ryuutaro had frostbite but it was immediately healed.”



“Thank god.”



Kaori breathed a sigh of relief after hearing the information conveyed through the cross bits.



Hajime moved the cross bit standing before Kouki’s team who were finished with their battle and had retrieved the last key. At the same time, using ‘gate key’, Hajime connected the space between their location and the cross bit. Space softly distorted, and the appearance of Kouki and the others who had a strangely refreshed expression could be seen on the other side.



“Somehow, you guys look happy…”



“Umu. They are most likely relieved to have been able to properly pass the maze’s trial.”



Shia was tilting her head pondering the reason for their happy faces when Tio answered her question with a seemingly pleasant expression. She was right on the mark.



Kouki, who was holding the gem in his hand, passed through the gate, went past Shia’s group and headed towards the sealed doors. There, he inserted the gem into the last socket.



Immediately after, the thorny shrub on the door was covered in light. The gems started to shine brightly in all their splendor. Then, the gate’s impressive doors began opening on their own.



At a glance, the passage starting from the entrance of the gate looked no different from the labyrinth’s passages so far. If anything was different, it seemed to be the bright reflection of the ice walls. Hajime and the others’ figures were vividly reflected.



“Well then, let’s go.”



Following Hajime’s order, everyone simultaneously stepped through the door. The sight before them, sure enough, gave off the feeling of a mirror house. The ice acted just like mirrors. The bright light was reflected endlessly. Indeed, the ice walls on both sides of the passage acted like opposite mirrors, and Hajime’s party was reflected a countless number of times.



Aside from the ceiling hidden by a spray of snow, it looked really like an endless corridor. The intense reflectivity of the ice made it clear it was no simple ice. If not for the chilling cold it radiated, it could maybe even be mistaken for a mirror.



A ‘Kotsu, Kotsu’ sound echoed along with the footsteps of Hajime’s party as they proceeded. Not only light, sounds also seemed to reverberate.



“… Somehow it feels like we’ve been sucked into something.”



Yue muttered while walking by Hajime’s side and looking at their reflections in the walls.



The worlds piled up inside the ice walls repeated endlessly, the deepest parts being shrouded in darkness. Yue’s words were truly right on the mark.



Hajime gently grasped Yue’s hand.



“I won’t let go of you so it’s alright.”



“… Nn.”



“You guys, can you not stop flirting at every occasion?”



Shizuku’s reproachful eyes dug into Hajime and Yue who were exchanging smiles. However, their love had already far exceeded the maximum theoretical threshold. Such a remark didn’t make them flinch.



Giving a sidelong glance to Shizuku who sighed, the group continued advancing.



They had not encountered the sign of any traps or monsters in a while and the compass was indicating that they were on the right way when Kouki suddenly halted and started looking around restlessly.



Shizuku, representing the group who grew suspicious of his behavior, inquired.



“Kouki? What’s the matter?”



“Ah, no well, didn’t you hear something just now? Something like someone’s voice. Rather, a whisper like this…”



“Wa-Wait a minute Kouki-kun, Stop. We already had our fill of this at Merujiine’s Undersea Ruin.”



It seemed Kouki could hear someone’s whisper. Since she didn’t think it possible for anyone else to actually be there beside them, Kaori whose tolerance of horror was weak tightly hugged herself with both arms while raising a voice of protest.



“Isn’t there anyone else who heard something? Shia?”



Hajime quietly narrowed his eyes and looked around to confirm.



“No. I didn’t hear anything. And I sense no sign of anyone else here besides us.”



Shia who had closed her eyes and focused her rabbit ears answered while shaking her head negatively. The other members who also seemed not to have heard anything, in particular, all shook their heads in negation.



“… Surely, I thought I heard something…”



“Are you sure you’re not overthinking this?”



“… Maybe I am.”



Understanding he was the only one who heard it, Kouki wondered if it was his imagination as he showed a bewildered expression. A concerned Ryuutaro who displayed a face lacking his usual self-confidence also agreed.



“… Shia.”



“Got it.”



While everyone was thinking it was Kouki’s imagination, only Hajime, with a look reminding them to be careful, passed on his thought to Shia who could be relied on to search for the enemy in such circumstances. Shia also thought it was only Kouki’s imagination, but since she was given a request by Hajime, she obediently nodded her head in approval. Her rabbit ears shook.



Then, they kept advancing without any problems, crossing several junctions without getting lost, until Kouki halted one more time.



This time, he shouted.



“Ah, again! It wasn’t my imagination after all! I heard it again!”



“Ko-Kouki?”



Shizuki and the others turned a bewildered look to Kouki who was frantically searching for the owner of the voice.



From the gazes turned to him, Kouki guessed no one besides him had heard the voice this time as well, and raised a chaotic voice.



“It’s true! This time, I heard it clearly! It said: ‘Is it fine like this?’!”



“No, Kouki. I didn’t hear anything?”



“Shit! Who are you! Where are you! How about showing your face without sneaking around!”



“Kouki, calm down.”



Anxious to be the only one to hear, Kouki had turned around and let out these harsh words at the empty space. Shizuku and the others moved to try to calm him down.



“Shia.”



“No, me neither. I really didn’t hear anything…”



Hajime checked with Shia for confirmation, but it seems Shia’s rabbit ears did not grasp the sound of any voice this time either.



“… Hajime. Any magical response?”



“None. It was the same with the zombies back then, it would seem the ice walls most likely have some kind of ability which conceals any magical response. The demon eye stone can’t really be relied on here.”



“Fumu. There’s also the possibility of having lost to the great labyrinth’s pressure and our minds having been confused… But still, this is too sudden. It would be more reasonable to assume we are receiving some kind of interference.”



“But Shia’s ears can’t hear anything, and on top of that Hajime can’t sense anything. There is nothing we can do to stop it.”



While Hajime and the others were discussing, Kouki was desperately trying to find the owner of the voice to prove he had not gone insane. At this point, Hajime spoke to him.



“Amenogawa, for now, calm down.”



“… Nagumo, it’s true. I’m sure I heard it…. …”



“I know. I don’t intend to dismiss this issue saying it’s your imagination.”



“Eh?”



Having gotten used to receiving harsh treatment from Hajime, Kouki’s eyes started going in circles after he heard these words which seemed to indicate he believed him.



“We should assume we are receiving some kind of interference. If it’s one of the trials of the labyrinth, then the possibility of not only you but everyone here receiving the interference is high. Currently, I can’t think of a way to counter this. Everyone, be on your guard.”



Hajime turned a serious gaze towards the others. They exchanged glances once and nodded.



Indeed, instead of rejecting the fault on Kouki’s imagination, to deny the existence of an unexplainable phenomenon, it was better to word it as the labyrinth’s ‘interference’. He believed Kouki’s words. It wouldn’t be strange for such a phenomenon to happen since they were challenging a great labyrinth after all.



Kouki was showing a very complicated expression, but he seemed to have calmed down for now. He was silently following behind Hajime who had resumed walking while having ominous thoughts about their images reflected in the ice walls.



And then,



—– You did not believe



“Uu, again…”



A whisper smoothly entered Kouki’s ear one more time. But since he had given some thought to Hajime’s words about a possible interference from the great labyrinth and readied himself, he was not thrown into confusion this time.



It was hard to say if he was calm deep down, but he was now able to try to look for the origin of the voice calmly. Then, Kouki suddenly realized something.



“…… Have I already heard this voice?”



Somehow he had a feeling he had already heard this voice. Shizuku and the others turned a worried look to Kouki who had tilted his head and was searching his memory.



“Kouki. Are you okay?”



“Ah, Yes. I’m fine. I was just thinking, I may have already heard that voice somewhere……”



“… There were monsters with the ability to mimic people’s appearance and voice at the Haltina Sea of Trees. Maybe they’re imitating someone we know. Don’t be deceived. If something happens, say it immediately.”



“Thank you, Shizuku. You be careful too. If Hajime is right, you might hear a voice too sooner or later.”



“Got it. I’ll be careful.”



Kouki sensed his disordered mind had calmed down and was able to show some composure to Shizuku who was smiling faintly. He returned a smile to his childhood friend who always encouraged and supported him.



—– You have realized, right?



However, his face immediately stiffened at the voice which once again resounded. He got unpleasant goosebumps after being unable to brush away the uneasiness dwelling in his heart born from the whispers he heard.



Kouki unintentionally turned his head towards Shizuku who was walking by his side with a face seeming to request help.



However, the look of concern he was expecting to see on his childhood friend’s face was nowhere to be seen. Instead, she displayed an expression about as stiffened as the reflection of his own face in the ice walls.



“Shizuku…….”



“……Yeah. I just heard it too. It was a woman’s voice. I have also heard it somewhere before. ‘Averting your eyes again?’ is what it said.”



“… Mine was a male voice saying ‘You have realized, right?’. It looks like the words change according to the person who hears the voice.”



Kouki and Shizuku were looking at each other with complicated expressions, and next, ‘Hyaaa!’. Suzu slightly jumped with a shriek. It seems Suzu could hear it as well now.



Furthermore, Ryuutaro, who also seemed to have heard it, became confused and started looking around.



“What did it say to you guys?”



Hajime asked them about the content while looking over his shoulder.



Once he had heard everyone’s description of what they heard, he was planning on putting them together to figure out the aim of the great labyrinth.



“Um, Suzu heard something like Kouki. (TL: She’s talking in the third person). ‘You had really realized, right?’ is what it said.”



“Ah, mine was ‘What is there the need to hesitate for?’ .”



Both were making a seemingly displeased expression. A discomfort revealed itself on their faces, the kind of feeling of someone’s heart being tread upon by muddy feet.



“… That’s too abstract. I feel it’s too indirect to be able to seduce anyone…”



Hajime tilted his head. These were no words such as ‘Do this and that’ or ‘Go here and there’ which could immediately lead people astray from their goal.



“You two. Had you heard that voice before?”



“Un. Now that you mention it, I feel like I had heard it somewhere… maybe.”



“I also have the feeling I had already heard it.”



They nodded to Tio in confirmation. The words whispered varied but in the end, they were all whispered by a familiar voice or so it seemed.



“… Anyway, we have to move forward.”



“Maa, that’s right.”



They had a bad feeling, but stopping and worrying would do no good. Once they got out of the maze, maybe the whispering would stop. So, as Yue said, they should move forward for now.



After deciding to proceed forward, they came across multiple forks and kept going without getting lost. According to the information given by the compass, there were three kilometers left in a straight line until the exit. Because they wouldn’t get lost, even if they ran into traps or monsters, they could get there in not even half a day.



They hurried forward while doing their best to ignore the whisper which would be heard intermittently.



However, as time passed, the frequency of the whispers increased, and before they knew it, Hajime and his group started hearing it too.



—— You will be betrayed again



Yue heard. Those were toxic words which caused her to remember that she had once placed her trust in her uncle, family, and fellow retainers. ‘Again’. Yue could very well guess the meaning of these words.



—— You will lose them again by your own fault, you know?



The voice made Shia’s rabbit ears tremble. The origin of the tragedy which took away the lives of countless of her family members was indeed Shia’s own birth. It had taken root deep inside Shia’s heart and caused her to have countless nightmares. The voice was constantly reminding her of their death cries. Now, she had plenty of ‘important ones’ close to her she absolutely didn’t want to lose.



—— There is no such thing as your being accepted by others



Tio heard the voice which had invaded her mind whisper to her smoothly.



Long ago, when she was inexperienced and couldn’t control her power, and her family was facing persecution… Fire surged, the sound of an explosion shook the atmosphere, a scream and an angry roar reverberated. While she was kicking at the gathered remains of her compatriot, the surrounding eyes were staring at her with extreme fear and contempt…



—— You’re jealous to the point you want to kill, isn’t that right?



Whispered a voice which had invaded Kaori’s inner heart. Kaori unconsciously turned towards the girlfriend who was showing an air of composure and stood at a place Kaori couldn’t reach even after swapping bodies and obtaining power. Something black gushed out and started spreading out like black ink spilling on a white sheet of paper.



“Ah. I get it. This is my own voice.”



Everyone who was having their consciousnesses torn apart by the whispers were taken aback by Hajime’s sudden declaration.



“… Hajime?”



Hajime answered Yue’s inquiring gaze while not particularly looking bothered by the whispers.



“Everyone, you said you had already heard the voice whispering to you right? Same goes for me, but the voice whispering to me is my own voice. Back when I was helping my father make games, I had the opportunity to listen to my own voice many times when doing voice tests. Since if you listen to your own voice, you are bound to feel some sense of discomfort. It’s hard to realize, but I can assure you after having listened to my own voice countless times that the voice whispering to me is my own voice.”



‘Ah now that you mention it…’ was the expression starting to form on everyone’s face. Your own voice you hear when you speak in everyday life tends to unexpectedly differ from your recorded voice which you listen to. Therefore, they had been unable to recognize their own voice.



“But, if that’s true, then what the voice is saying…”



“… It could be a voice coming from deep within your heart… maybe. Reviving various unpleasant memories.”



“… Right. It feels as if our mind is being invaded and trampled by muddy shoes. It’s extremely unpleasant.”



Tio, making a guess, stated what a frowning Kaori was hesitating to say. Shia agreed. The others uniformly showed dark, grim faces.



Overall, the atmosphere could be said to be still. Shizuku, who realized this, raised her voice in an attempt to change the mood and spoke to Hajime and Yue who were looking calm and composed for some reason.



“Nagumo-kun and Yue don’t seem to be affected very much, is that correct? Do you have some kind of countermeasure?”



Hajime and Yue exchanged glances. Then, Hajime wore a composed expression, while Yue showed a somewhat bewitching smile.



“What if I say I am just not paying particular attention to it?”



“… What did you hear?”



“Ah ~ something like ‘Do you think a murderer could live such a thing as a normal life?’ or ‘There is no place where a monster belongs, right?’ or things along those lines, repeatedly. I don’t think there’s anything really different.”



“That’s… referring to when we return to Japan?”



“Ah, that’s right. Maa, it’s also hard to say if I’m human after all. Maybe I’m wondering deep down if I will be able to get used to my former life again.”



To Hajime who was making a self-analysis quite indifferently, Kouki whose gloomy face showed more and more anguish as time passed managed to squeeze out a voice.



“Then, how do you manage to remain calm? You who are ready to forsake this world’s inhabitants and want to return home, after being told multiple times that even if you managed to make it back, you’d have no place where you belong, how the hell can you stay so calm!”



Kouki demanded an explanation. He was no longer able to hold back his irritation at the end of his sentence and his voice roughened. It looks like the voice he was hearing from his heart was considerably shaking his mind.



Hajime simply shrugged his shoulders and answered.



“Don’t lose your temper. Actually, even though I won’t know the answer until I try going back, worrying about it now is pointless, right?”



“How can you be convinced so easily? It’s something you can’t ignore, something which enters your mind and you can’t throw out, something there is nothing you can do about!”



Just what kind of voice did you hear? Kouki was almost yelling those words at Hajime while hiding his fury caused by hatred somewhere within him.



Hajime faced the emotionally unstable Kouki with a somewhat serious look.



“First, from wishing things to ‘be your way’, greed will be born. Next, to appease that greed, your heart will take a decision. Then, all that needs to be done is to carry out this decision to the end. You shouldn’t be worrying about things like: ‘Will I be able to do it or not?’ but rather: ‘What should I do to carry out this decision?’… I have already decided. I will return to my hometown and live a normal life with Yue and the others. I will show them lots of splendid things and introduce them to my parents. I will put my life on the line for that. There is no time to worry about something as trivial as the anxiety that rose from the decision I made.”



“… That’s absurd. Such a thing…”



“It’s not like I’m asking you to understand. Maybe my way of thinking isn’t very human-like.”



Hajime wouldn’t waver no matter what he was told, no matter what was done to him. Kouki felt he saw the main points of Hajime’s unwavering mind and didn’t think he could understand them. However, he averted his gaze as he seemed to realize something.



Inside the delicate atmosphere, Shia’s face, which was irritated due to the uneasiness caused by the whispers, was replaced with a friendly smile as she started looking for Yue.



It seems that Shia was also able to easily slip away from the abusive thoughts caused by the unpleasant whispers. Her mood quickly turned from the gloomy one caused by this place to her usual innocent one.



Despite also being seized in anguish originally, Shizuku, who had been able to guess what was going on to some extent and had been speaking to Hajime, was now completely silent, reflecting on Hajime’s previous words as if she had realized something.



“I get it that Hajime-san is not being affected thanks to his shamelessness, but why does Yue-san look fine? Rather, what is Yue-san being whispered?”



Hajime’s temple suddenly reacted to Shia’s way of speaking of him, but it seems he read the mood and decided to let her off with it for now. Of course, the night after the capture of the great labyrinth, she will be made to cry in lots of different ways.



Yue who aroused Shia’s interest answered with no particular hesitation.



“… It’s repeatedly telling me I will be betrayed some way or another.”



“Betrayed… If I’m not mistaken, like in your past…”



“… Nn. So things like ‘Hajime and Shia will also betray you’.”



Upon hearing these words, Hajime and Shia exchanged glances. If those whispers really stem from one’s unconscious, it means Yue is fearing betrayal from the bottom of her heart.



Indeed, Yue had been betrayed by the family and retainers she put her trust in and had been locked up in darkness for three hundred years. That’s more than reason enough for it to become a trauma, and it wouldn’t be strange if she felt ill to the point of not ever trusting anyone else anymore.



Actually, putting aside Hajime and Shia, her interaction with others could be said to be fairly cold sometimes. Fundamentally, earning Yue’s trust was quite difficult. Luckily, her encounter with Hajime made her believe that putting her trust in others was still possible… But maybe the uneasiness of being betrayed again still dwelled within her heart, even if just a little.



Even more, than her memories of her severe betrayal, this was something that couldn’t be helped. She was not actually suspecting that she’d be betrayed again. Rather, this was something carved deep within her unconscious.



However, naturally, there was trust in Hajime and Shia that easily surpassed such a trauma. A fantastic encounter and the things she saw on the journey that followed had appeased her heart. Which is why she was calm.



Sensing her feelings, Shia gave her a soft smile and spoke.



“Ne, Fufu, if you let your guard down, I might betray you-”



“… Bad girl. Punishment is needed for lying rabbits.”



