



But, there was no way these people would loosen their hand just from seeing that,



"I think it's better using Goshujin-sama's transmutation though."



While whispering that kind of thing, Tio was hovering in the sky while flapping her wings, both her hands were joined into a shape like a jaw and black magic power was focused there. And then, she released that in one go. Dragon's breath that was compressed in this way became a piercing attack.



The attack that was fired advanced in spiraling motion like a thin lance, it impacted the place Shia pulverized accurately and pierced the head of the divine beast.



The black spear went through the head and entered inside the mouth, without stopping it pierced to outside from inside the throat and the attack continued to pierce the sea.



A fatal wound. Everyone who saw that would surely think so, but it seemed that was still insufficient to kill a divine beast that was superior even compared to the ancient monster.



GUAAAAN!!



The divine beast didn't die instantly, it raised a sound that was a little high-pitched and sea water crawled up its body. And then, when the place that was destroyed was covered by water, the water was swallowed into the wound. Right after that, the wound bulged and recovered like a rewound video.



"Uhee, by any chance, it can recover as long as it has sea water, something like that?"



"In that case, it will take time to kill it completely. It will be best if we art able to destroy its magic stone but…Goshujin-sama, how doth it goes regarding that?"



Tio landed beside Hajime while asking.



Hajime was looking at the divine beast with a strange glint in his eyes while shaking his head.



"No, I cannot find its magic stone. There is a chance I overlook it with how large its body is but…magic stone will grow large in the proportion of the monster's size, with how much I'm looking but still cannot find it I guess it doesn't have it from the start. Its whole body is dyed reddish black just like the Evil Eater."



"Muu, how troublesome. I don't feel we art going to lose at all, but I want to avoid wasting time…"



"What to do, Hajime-san?"



Ancient monster seemed to be the ancestor of monsters. Shia and Tio frowned from hearing that this monster was the same type with that ancient monster that they once fought.



But, in contrast Hajime only shrugged lightly.



"Facing a giant sea monster like this, the theory is to enter its body and attack from the inside right?"



"Ah, the thing just now…"



Shia raised her voice as though she was noticing something.



Right at that moment, the divine beast whose head was in the middle of recovering raised a scream as though to drown Shia's voice.



aAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA-!!



It was unmistakably a shriek. Its whole body was writhing as though being in an intense agony.



Looking at that state, Tio also nodded in understanding while asking Hajime.



"By the way o Goshujin-sama. What art the meal course?"



"Broiled eel roasted by tar from the inside. The garnish dishes are explosive and deadly poison."



"Oou…hearing that, I feel a little sympathy for it."



Hajime's quick answer made Tio sent a pitying gaze to the divine beast as though she was looking at a poor thing.



As for the divine beast in question, it was shrieking while writhing around fiercely without stopping.



That couldn't be helped. After all, the crossbit that was sent inside its body opened a gate and poured down a large amount of tar and explosive inside, in addition it also scattered around the strongest poison that was the product of the abyss, where in the end, all of those were lit on fire all at once. Like that even its hard scales were irrelevant.



The divine beast began to drink sea water. Surely it was trying to fill its body with sea water in the attempt to heal. But, that was a bad move.



As though to proof that, right after the divine beast drunk sea water, a part of its torso burst up along with a grand explosion sound. Flame blast also jetted out from its mouth. A scream filled with bewilderment rose from the divine beast.



"Giving a lot of water to flame above three thousand Celsius…obviously a vapor explosion is going to happen. Ah, a beast won't know anything like that huh."



"That is, someone who had ever set flame inside the body of something like that must be only Hajime-san. This is absolutely its first experience with that desu."



"How unpleasant, this first experience is. …No, rather is it not a lovely first experience instead?"



"Don't get deeper and deeper into your fetish. It's scary when I wonder if you are going to demand something that is incorrigible even for me in the future."



Hajime's expression became unpleasant from hearing Tio's nonsense. And then, ignoring Tio who was going 'ehe ehe' shyly for some reason, his gaze returned at the divine beast.



The divine beast who somehow felt like it was giving off an air of despair from experiencing how the damage in his body got increased instead when it tried to recover. Even so, perhaps because of its dignity as a powerful monster, even while spouting out a lot of blood it was glaring at Hajime with eye glint boiling with killing intent.



Hajime who received that gaze…licked his lips for some reason.



The divine beast twitched.



Hajime murmured to himself while floating a fierce smile to that divine beast.



"I want to eat…"



" "Eh?" "



Even though it was a small whisper, regardless of the stormy wind and the raging sea, for some reason those words resounded clearly, it caused Shia and Tio to whip their head quickly at Hajime.



The divine beast too, even though it was supposed to writhe in agony, its movement stopped still and its gaze was fixed at Hajime.



Hajime was directing his eyes that were strangely sparkling since some time ago at the divine beast, while whispering further.



"Its flesh is nicely filled to the brim with strength. If it's this beast, than it surely can become even my nourishment."



And then, he licked his lips one more time.



With that finally even the divine beast noticed.



The enemy before its eyes, the fiercely glaring gaze this enemy directed at itself wasn't something easy to understand like hostility or killing intent…it was an appetite for food.



With a shudder, a chill that the beast had never felt since it was born ran through its whole body. Unaware, the divine beast was 'drawing away' unbecomingly. The gaze that was by no means had never been directed to it who was an existence that stood at the top of food chain――that gaze from the predator caused an indescribable terror to invade its body.



This person wouldn't be able to do it――the monster didn't think of anything like that. At present, the one who was cornered like this was itself. The divine beast was convinced. If it kept fighting on, itself would be definitely…eaten.



The moment it understood that, the divine beast turned aside adroitly with an agility that surprised even itself. The heat inside its body that was burning it up, or the pain of the invading poison, or the impact of the explosion when sea water touched the burning in its body, it ignored all of those and poured all its strength just to escape earnestly.



The divine beast that attempted to escape with a resoluteness that should be nonexistent for the strongest level of monster made even Hajime to get taken aback for a moment. That was just how splendid the escape was. As though *pyu~* such sound effect was accompanying its escape.



"-, bastaard. Wait, meaat! How can you run away despite being a divine beast huh!"



PIGYAAA―――!!



When Hajime used the crossbit inside the divine beast in panic to try to stop it in its track, the divine beast raised a roar that sounded a little pathetic, that long body deflated just for a moment, and then it vomited a large amount of sea water that made one wanted to ask just from where it took all of that from.



Naturally, explosions occurred grandly, parts of here and there of its body were blown up, yet it somehow managed to vomit out the crossbit. And then, it manipulated the sea water to make several tornados on the sea, it directed them to Hajime while diving into the bottom of the sea at full speed.



"Let, me, eat, the, meat, of you, bastaaard~"



While blowing away the tornados that were approaching from all directions using impact conversion of magic power, Hajime demanded for the divine beast's meat with a voice that resembled a deeply held grudge.



The divine beast that looked back just for an instant from under the sea surface met the bloodshot gaze of the tiny being demanding its meat, while harboring a tremendous terror to that, it averted its gaze in panic as though to say "I've seen what must not be seen".



And then,



PIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII~~~~!!



While a crying voice that had surpassed being pathetic and instead invited pity was resounding in the air, its figure vanished into the darkness of the deep sea. It felt like they could hear something that somehow sounded like "I won't come out from home anymoreee~", but surely it was just their feeling though.



"Son of a bitch! It should be impossible for a monster of that level to immediately decide to escape! Even though it's a chance to power up at this last minute!"



Perhaps because the divine beast had disappeared, the dark cloud was dispersing and the stormy sea was recovering its calm once more, amidst all that Hajime stamped his feet in frustration.



There, Shia and Tio were approaching with an exasperated gaze.



"For Goshujin-sama, even a divine beast is already nothing but predation target."



"Until now surely it had never been looked at with that kind of gaze, that's why it has no endurance isn't it. Its last cry, it sounded a little pitiful. Perhaps this will even become a trauma for it that turns it into a shut-in after this."



"Chih, that snake got no guts."



There was no doubt that surely not even in a dream that a divine beast of all things could have its bravery to be questioned.



Hajime stored the returning crossbit in a bad mood and took out his compass once more to decide the route.



Then, right at that timing, ahead of Hajime and others' gaze, the space a few kilometers separated from them began to shake like jelly. And then, after a few moments the space melted and disappeared and a large island appeared from the space gap.



"…It seemed, there is an entrance to the next space at the center of that island."



"Does it appear because the divine beast withdrew?"



"That possibility art high. No one would even imagine that it would withdraw in that way though."



Shia and Tio sent a gaze of pity at the spot where the traumatized divine beast vanished, and then they followed Hajime's lead and departed from that spot.



It appeared that the island had quite the size. The island was covered with really tall trees that could reach a few dozen meters in the whole, other than the shoreline they couldn't see the ground at all. The entrance to the next space seemed to be at the center of that forest.



And then, Shia's rabbit ears sensed that powerful monsters were running rampant in large number there, especially at the center part.



The monsters weren't at the level of the divine beast, but every single one of them was a powerful monster. They wouldn't lose against the monsters, but the monsters' number was a lot so it felt like it would take quiet the time to fight the monsters just like against the divine beast.



Shia asked Hajime "What to do?" with her gaze.



Hajime took out 'Shuragen AA' from 'Treasure Warehouse II' once again and took a kneeling posture on his skyboard and entered a sniping stance. Using heat detection, the scope penetrated the trees and projected only the image of living things.



"Aa, don't tell me Hajime-san is…"



"Wait a bit. I'll take care of this right away. This is a lightning speed accurate bombardment from outside their detection. Surely they won't be able to react. I'll blow away the head of things that looks troublesome."



Shia took the confirmation from Hajime with a cramped face, and then crimson flash rushed through the sky instantly.



That streak of flash wasn't noticed at all by a giant gorilla that looked like a giant kong walking heavily deep inside the forest, its head got blown away instantly, and its brain matter was scattered everywhere. Next the bullet impacted the ground and a large crater was created with the trees on the area got blown away.



Furthermore, thunderous sounds reverberated in succession. From a far distance of more than ten kilometers, the lights of death that flew at a speed that was impossible to detect dispersed one after another the heads of the giant monsters loitering around the area that seemed to be the space entrance. The thick forest was instantly turned into a battlefield site that was littered with holes.



"Surely, after defeating the divine beast, next powerful monsters would go ROAR! in a great swarm and the intruder would go Kyaa, what a disaster! Originally this must be for something like that isn't it."



"Well, this art not a labyrinth so this art not even a trial…though there art no doubt that this art intended to be obstacles perchance."



While half laughing Shia and Tio remembered the time until now, where Hajime easily removed the obstacles using methods other than frontal attack, that was why the two of them hadn't made any significant contributions yet.



Both of them exchanged gazes filled to the brim with sympathy to each other from how their expectation of rampaging with their all in order to take back Yue was betrayed.



But, that ardor would be demonstrated just before they reached Yue's location.



After massacring the island's monsters one-sidedly, Hajime and others transferred to the next space from the stone statue at the center of the forest and leaped out into a world of sky where several gigantic islands were floating.



There were islands with a diameter of only a few dozen meters, but there were also islands with a scale of a few kilometers. River water was continuing to flow down from the edge of the floating islands without end with some kind of mysterious logic. Because of the height, the water became mist after some distance of falling as waterfall, the scenery of white mist drifting at the surrounding was very fantastical.



Above all the floating islands were overflowing with greenery, there were plains and also forests. There was not a single floating island that was merely a floating rock.



Sea of clouds was spreading below. The clouds lingered at the height of their gaze, drifting on the sky like cotton candy. Even now it felt like the clouds were giving off a sweet aroma.



Even though there was no sun, but brilliant light was pouring down, light pillar weaved through the gaps of the clouds――several of what was commonly called as 'ladder of angel' could be seen.



There were white clouds overflowing with great numbers of floating islands, and then there were also beams of light pouring down.



It was truly a solemnly mystical scenery. If someone who didn't know anything was told that this place was heaven then they would unconditionally believe it.



After their gazes were stolen just for a little while by that scene, Hajime and others shook their head and advanced forward. Their objective was the floating island that looked conspicuously large even among all the many floating islands. The compass was pointing at there.



They flew their skyboard and closed the distance in the blink of eye. At the same time, they caught strong presence at that floating island.



Before Hajime and others who narrowed their eyes in vigilance, that guy appeared.



"As expected you came. Nagumo Hajime. The fool who defy god."



With silver wings and hair that looked like an apostle rustling from the wind, the monster user devil race――Freed Bagua was there.





Chapter 169




All credit goes to the original author (Chuuni Suki), who has posted the raw data here:



Thanks for your continued support. If you like my writing style, check out my original works at , or just leave a comment.



Bakapervert translated this chapter. He also did the edits.



____________________________________________________



White Divine Dragon and the Platinum Apostle



On the gigantic island with diameter around ten-odd kilometer.



There were grass plain and forest, with branching small rivers in between, where the upper stream was linked toward the mountain with bountiful greenery.



A chalk white obelisk was enshrined at the grass plain area of that floating island. The huge tower that was around fifty meters tall looked out of place in the middle of the magnificent nature. Coupled with that artificial whiteness, it looked strangely conspicuous.



But, something even more standing out existed further above that obelisk, it was a silver colored man sitting cross-legged on a shining magic circle. His silver hair and wings fluttered in the wind. His skin was so white that it looked transparent, even the color of his eye pupils looked shining radiantly silver.



His clothing looked like a pure white priest outfit. Coupled with his calm and self-possessed state, his appearance gave a divine impression. If anyone who didn't know anything saw him, they would surely think that a messenger from heaven had descended.



The first voice that man, Freed Bagua let out made Hajime who was facing him to snort while he started talking frivolously.



"Is that new fashion? If that's the case then there is nothing I can say except you have got no fashion sense at all. It's because you are still accepting the clothes that your parent(god) prepared for you without protesting that you looked incredulous like that. Your red hair and darkish skin before this looked manlier you know?"



Hearing Hajime's speech, Tio and Shia burst into a snort "bufuh" beside him. Perhaps the two of them also had such experience, that the clothing that parents prepared for their children was usually embarrassing. Just what kind of clothing that Karm and Adol presented to their daughter, and then, the complicated expression that Shia and Tio surely made at that time…it was something that made Hajime felt relatively curious.



Although, Freed who was obviously got made fun of only reacted slightly with a twitch of his eyebrow from that speech, his calm behavior still didn't break. And then, as though to say that he got no intention to follow along with Hajime's frivolous talk, he talked with a cold voice.



"…Indeed, you really are still alive. When Aruvheit-sama didn't come back, and my lord informed me that you are going to come, I thought what kind of a joke is that yet…truly what an obstinate man you are. It would be better if you just graciously die."



"Hee, so that shitty bastard Ehito predicted this. Well, I guess he at least has that much brain. He understands just how great my feeling toward Yue is after all. So? What about you? Were you told to defeat us here? Getting ordered to come to your suicide here, what a cruel order that is. So that's why your hair got totally white like that then, because of the stress huh."



Once more, snorting sounds "buhoh" could be heard from Hajime's both sides.



Freed ignored the sympathetic gaze that said "Freed-kun, you really got it hard" which was directed at him and continued on talking.



"No matter the time you are still screwing around. Really, you don't seem like a man whose woman is taken away at all."



"Yue is the best woman there is after all. It can't be helped that she is popular. I only need to straighten up all the guys who laid her hand on her. Even the master you are proud of, I'll carve a lot of agonies and regret into him before killing him."



"That haughtiness, it will be immediately broken apart. My lord has already grasped that body perfectly. There is not even a one in million chance for you to take back your woman."



As though to beat despair into Hajime, as though to show that it was the truth, Freed informed Hajime using a matter-of-fact tone without getting worked-up at all.



However, in regard to that Hajime's face contained not even a single trace of agitation. Rather, he was giving back a fearless smile.



"The one who is calling me irregular is your side you know? Something like a worthless scenario that you guys prepared, I'm going to messed them up into pieces."



"…"



Hajime and Freed exchanged gazes wordlessly for a while. The Wind of killing intent began to blow suddenly. That atmosphere which licked at the skin like coiling snake was truly apt to be described as an explosive situation.



Hajime's finger touched Donner, at that moment, Freed opened his mouth as though to beat Hajime to the punch.



"Your previous question."



"Aa?"



"Your question of 'were you told to defeat us'――half is correct."



"Half?"



With his hand still touching Donner, Hajime narrowed his eyes questioningly in a state where he could draw his gun and shoot anytime.



Freed suddenly stood up from his cross-legged sitting posture and flapped his silver wings to float in the air, then he opened his mouth.



"My lord――Ehitorujue-sama granted me the command to let you pass without any obstruction when you arrived at this place. There is nothing more mortifying then the lost of my chance to strangle you to death with this hand, but it's still inevitable for your life to meet its end."



"Hou. Then? During that time you are going to face Shio and Thia, that's what you mean?"



"Exactly. While you are receiving divine punishment from my lord, I'll thoroughly torture to death the women who love you dearly."



Right after Freed said that, the obelisk shined radiantly.



Hajime drew out Donner with the end of the talk. The fired bullet became a red flash and approached Freed's forehead.



However,



*GIIN!*



A hard sound reverberated, that attack was completely blocked. When Hajime looked, it was as though the bullet crashed into an invisible wall in front of Freed, the bullet flattened and stopped midair.



"If you think that my space magic is the same like before than that's a great mistake."



It appeared Freed had laid out a protective wall of space isolator around himself beforehand. From how Hajime's magic eye stone was unable to detect the wall, then it was just like Freed said, his level in space magic had increased.



At that moment where Hajime's first attack was blocked and a bit of time was bought, the obelisk that was emitting strong radiance shined explosively.



The white light completely dyed their field of vision. But, Hajime's magic eye stone that wasn't affected by the amount of light accurately caught what kind of phenomenon this was.



Before long, the light settled down, and what flew into their cleared up field of vision was the scenery of a great swarm of monsters clamoring together to the degree that no empty space could be seen. Their number was definitely in four digits. Roughly there might be around two thousand monsters.



From each and every single monster, they could feel the strength at the level of the monster at the lowest level of the abyss at the very least. There were also monsters that they had encountered before, but based on their appearance every single one had been evolved.



A black wolf with four reddish black eyes had its head increased by two like a watchdog of hell. A black panther with tentacles seemed to be combined with a chimera, it had draconic claws and snake tail while the air at its surrounding was flickering. A monster with horse head Ahatd had further two arms added, and it was also further enveloped in reddish black magic power that seemed to be 'Vajra'.



Especially the dragon flock that covered the sky, every single one appeared to possess strength at the same level with the white dragon that they faced at Guryuen Grand Volcano.



And then, the leader of that dragon flock, the white dragon that was also the partner of Freed, it was emitting an absurd pressure that easily surpassed all the monsters. Its physique was already nearly twenty meters big Its pure white scales were giving off the radiance of steel. The wings on its back increased to two pairs of four wings, each time it breathed pure white spark was surging from its mouth.



The scar on its chest was exposed with ferocious dignity. Its magnificent body was shining brilliantly and emitted divinity. A white dragon that came out in legend――or perhaps it should be called as a white colored holy dragon, a white divine dragon. In any case, it appeared to have a strength that easily surpassed the divine beast leviathan that they encountered just now.



Hajime and others were surrounded by a few hundred, a few thousand monsters of abnormal level, the fierce killing intent was showered on them from all direction, amidst that Freed was floating calmly right at the side of the white divine dragon with his silver wings flapping.



"Now, Nagumo Hajime. You can leave behind the women who love you dearly in this despair and progress ahead."



Hajime directed a scorning smile toward Freed who elaborated this disgusting plan where Hajime had to leave behind Shia and Tio among this swarm in order to meet her beloved woman.



"Are you idiot? Just why do I have to listen to what you are saying? I can just instant-killed all of you before going forward brazenly."



There was no need to purposefully divide their battle strength in front of the enemy. Hajime who talked that doing this with all three of them was faster was given a cold gaze by Freed.



And then, he proclaimed.



"No, you are going to go ahead. To head toward despair, alone by yourself."



"Hah, saying whatever you like――!?"



Instantly a golden light poured down toward Hajime. The 'angel's ladder' that suddenly appeared from the gap of the clouds really resembled the torrent of light that once captured Yue.



"Hajime-san!"



"Goshujin-sama-"



Shia and Tio, perhaps remembering that time they reached out their hand toward Hajime with a slightly uneasy voice. As expected, their hand was repelled away.



Hajime was going to take out his pile bunker to show that the same trick wouldn't work the second time. However, Freed opened his mouth faster than that.



"That light was a light of teleportation. It will lead toward the location of your 'beloved'."



Hearing that stopped Hajime's hand for an instant. Indeed, the light that was pouring down right now didn't have a harming effect at him for even a bit, it felt like it was connected with a space somewhere.



But, Hajime immediately rethought his thinking and he was going to destroy the light torrent. He could just exterminate Freed and the monsters together with Shia and Tio, then go to Yue altogether. As expected, he was unwilling to leave behind just the two of them in this space.



But, the one who stopped such Hajime was no other than Shia and Tio.



"Hajime-san, please go ahead."



"Truly. It's an invitation that art hard to come by. Just the two of us art enough to take care of this side."



Hajime's eyes widened slightly. But the two added more words without being concerned of that.



"Leave this place to us and go ahead! I wanted to try saying that sentence at least once desu."



"Doon't worry, we art going to follow immediately after finishing here. Fufufu."



Hajime's face turned exasperated toward the rabbit and the no good dragon who sent him a wink while raising their death flag daringly. And then, he also sensed how they were seriously telling him to go ahead even while joking around.



That was a scolding toward him not to let go of the chance to arrive at Yue's location even if it was at a stage that the opponent prepared, it was also a resolve to not let any other to become hindrance at his battle against Ehito, it was also their faith that if it was Hajime then he would surely rescue Yue without fail, and it was also the expression of their confidence that if it was the two of them then they would make it somehow against a situation of just this level.



Hajime's figure was fading. He was being transferred to another different place. Although Hajime was slightly hesitant, he directed a gaze that was filled with his utmost trust at the resolved Shia and Tio and strongly nodded.



In actuality, it was outside of their expectation for the inside of [Holy Precincts] to have this many varied spaces contained inside it. They had the compass, so they didn't get lost in searching Yue's whereabouts. But, if for example, Ehito rearranged the spaces' configuration like a block game or if he could teleport without limitation, then there was the risk that this would become an endless chase.



In that aspect, it was honestly painful when the degraded version crystal key broke when they entered the [Holy Precincts]. In the worst case, there would be a need for Hajime to recycle the very small amount of god crystal he used for his other artifact to create a new degraded crystal key, so if the other side was giving him the invitation then it was an unexpected windfall for him.



Shia and Tio also understood about that, for that reason they proposed this dispersion of battle strength that could be said as a bad move.



"Got it. Shia, Tio…"



"Yes desu."



"Yes."



Just before Hajime was teleported, he made a fierce smile and left behind his words to the two in exchange for leaving from here.



"No need to hold back. Kill them all…in a way fitting as my women."



"Yes, siiir desuu!"



"Fufu, leave it to us!"



Shia and Tio were also returning a smile that looked like a wild beast at Hajime.



At that moment, the light dispersed and along with it, Hajime's figure vanished.



The two who were left behind――Shia was tapping her war hammer Vire Doryukken on her shoulder while glaring over the monsters around them, while Tio was cracking her neck audibly with a somehow bewitching smile on her face.



"Now then, it seemed that you said something about torturing us to death or something but…"



"Instead, the one who wouldst be made sport to death art thou, just like all those time before, and from here on too. Thou art truly a man without any learning capability."



While being surrounded by several hundred, several thousand monsters of absurd level, far from having their calm expression crumbling, Shia and Tio were instead giving Freed a gaze as though they were looking at an idiot. Freed narrowed his eyes to that.



"Don't think that I am the same like the me before this. This power that I was bestowed by my lord――putting aside that monster, there is no doubt that I have surpassed the likes of you two. Prepare yourself. The bitterness of being looked down, I'll return it completely, no, I'll return it by several folds to the two of you. The two of you can meet your end while yelling that man's name with your death cry."



"Enough with the tedious talk desu. Crushed, beaten up, punched, exploded, splattered, they are all similar, but I'll let you chose the method that you preferred to be massacred with."



"So this is what art called as big talk. Let me taught thou this thing called as the difference in status."



Both sides sent each other caustic words.



A beat.



Killing intent burst out from the whole body of each of them.



And then,



"Kill them-!"



"I'll kill you to death desu-!"



"Be annihilated-!"



The spark of battle was lit up.



Rain of aurora rained down from the sky, immense blazes were spat out from three-headed wolves, violent shockwave surged from the six-armed horse-heads, silver flash and a large amount of feathers rushed from the front.



Lethal attacks from all directions. The field of vision of Shia and Tio were completely covered with death.



But,



"Tio-san, two steps to the right, drop a little then go three steps ahead desu."



"Right, that helped."



Tio moved almost reflexively following Shia's murmur. Aurora poured down at the spot where she was at just a moment before, furthermore when Tio lowered his altitude shockwave passed through above, and when she stepped forward she evaded silver feathers in return.



At the same time, Shia was also similarly taking steps as though she was dancing in midair. She slipped through the gaps of the attacks as though it was actually the attacks that were avoiding Shia.



The place where Shia moved at, and then, the place where Tio moved at following Shia's instruction, those places were places with the thinnest concentration of attack.



The derivation of characteristic magic 'Future Sight', the 'Revelation Sight'――an ability that could automatically take a peek at the future a few seconds ahead. Shia predicted the trajectory of attack with this ability and calculated the safe spot swiftly.



Nevertheless, it was not an exaggeration to say that the density of the attacks sent to them was like a wall. Even if they moved to the place where it was relatively harder to be hit, that didn't mean that they were unharmed.



Therefore,



"URYAAAAAAAA-!!"



"Just this much-!"



Shia took out from the empty air a kendama made from adamantium and coated with sealing stone, and then she launched it instantly overhead. Vire Doryukken struck the metal ball and a thunderous sound roared, at the same time the kendama was rising to the sky with a violent momentum like a rocket flying to space.



The surface that was coated with sealing stone displayed its trait fully and reduced the intensity of the rain of aurora. Next, the aurora rain was snapped away to far beyond due to the kendama's pure destructive force.



And then, for a brief time, the gray dragon that was defenseless due to firing the aurora could only get startled funnily by the approaching metallic mass from below. At the next moment, *mekyo!* such graphic sound resounded and while the kendama was sinking into its stomach, the dragon was further blown away to the sky.



The gray dragon got the bones in its whole body got pulverized and disappeared at beyond the sky. An instant later Shia then appeared at the place where that dragon was at as though in replacement, without stopping she used the chain to swing around the kendama, giving rise to a whirlwind that beaten to death the surrounding gray dragons.



Freed slightly narrowed his eyes toward such Shia, but when he directed his gaze at Tio who was left behind, there he could see the figure of Tio who was crossing her arms while getting swallowed by the impact of light and blaze.



Although in that spot the attack was relatively fewer, but she was still getting hit by attacks at the amount that might be enough to inflict lethal wound considering the level of the power of the attacks.



However,



"That appearance…"



"Hmph, compared to Goshujin-sama's reward, this level of pain art too lukewarm."



Tio was floating unmoving with a fearless smile while saying such sentence. Her appearance was completely changed compared to her appearance just a moment before.



First of all, the color of her skin was different. Her beautiful skin that was like porcelain was now covered with jet black color, only her golden eyes were piercingly shining in there. Looking carefully, Freed noticed that the source of the jet black color was from dragon scales on her skin.



It was the derivative skill 'Partial Dragonification' from characteristic magic 'Dragonification'. The dragon scale that originally could only came out in Tio's black dragon form was now being put on like a chainmail so that it wouldn't obstruct the movement of her small human form. Furthermore, using 'Dragon Scale Hardening' that increased the hardness of the scale in respond to the magic power consumption, Tio completely endured all the attacks solidly.



Of course, if Tio was actually hit by all the attacks then the damage would pass through, but with Shia's help the number of attacks that she got hit with decreased remarkably, she would have no trouble at all if she only got hit by one or two of each variation of attack.



By the way, the reason Tio didn't turn into dragon completely was purely because her human form was more maneuverable and it was also harder to hit her because she was a smaller target like this. Although her physical strength dropped compared with the state of complete dragonification, she had already mastered the 'Partial Dragonification' to the degree that there was not that much difference in defensive capability aspect, so this state was convenient for her in this case.



If this technique was to be given a name then this would be composite dragonification and metamorphosis magic――the 'Dragon Scale Armor'.



"A return gift!"



The instant a pause appeared between the attacks, Tio turned into a counterattack. She stretched both her hands horizontally and instantly focused tremendous magic power, at the next instant she fired breath attack from the tips of both her hands like a laser that had been compressed to the limit.



The right and left breath attacks that were fired straight like black string easily pierced the monsters at their line of fire. Even the horse head that looked excellent in defensive power was also no exception. This attack of Tio had been refined until its might heightened by that much.



In addition, that was not the end of it. Tio spread wide her hands horizontally and then she twirled on the spot.



Naturally, the super thin breaths that pierced and bisected everything were matching Tio's movement and trampled the battlefield, mowing down the monsters.



Her clothing that looked like Japanese clothes gently fluttered along with her long beautiful hair, exhibiting elegance like in a dance in this battlefield. The blood spray scattered everywhere by the bisected monsters that were falling to the ground colored Tio's surrounding like a blizzard of falling sakura petals.



"Impudent…Uranos. The disgrace that you once received, clear it up right here!"



Freed who frowned from looking at Tio's figure gave instruction at the white divine dragon(Uranos) beside him. Uranos's reddish black eyes shined in joy.



GOGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!



Uranos raised an extremely loud roar.



It didn't fire aurora as breath attack, it was merely roaring, but just with that space itself trembled, a shockwave of sound was generated. Normal people would have their body pulverized just from that, and even if they endured it a primitive terror would well up and they might be driven mad, a violent howl.



Truly a roar of a divine dragon.



Due to that, even the monsters who should be its ally couldn't help but get paralyzed, the attacks that were raining down like storm also got completely dispersed.



Although, it was by no meant that Tio was helped just because of that.



"Nuoo!?"



While her whole body got strongly struck by the shockwave, combined with the lightness of her small human body caused Tio to get blown away. She fell toward the ground like a meteor. Looking carefully, there were few small shining fragments scattered at the trajectory her body passed through. Although it was only a few, but Tio's prided dragon scales were smashed, just from a single roar.



Tio impacted the ground like that without being able to kill her momentum. *BAM* Tremor hit the ground and a small crater was created on the floating island, Tio's figure got concealed by the rolling up dust.



There, a merciless pursuit attack was fired.



GOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!



The world was dyed by white radiance, by the breath of the Uranos――by aurora.



Even the word tremendous couldn't represent a fragment of that attack's might. The absurd torrent of light caused the space itself to creak, just its after-wave gouged out the ground of the floating island.



And then, at the place that got hit directly…the aurora pierced until far below――it broke through the bottom of the floating island and pierced until the far beyond.



Yes, the aurora pierced through the ground of the floating island that had the diameter of ten-odd kilometers until it came out on the other side. The sea of clouds spreading under the island had a hole opened there like the eye of a typhoon that dispersed in a radial shape.



A terrifying might. It was just like the light of divine punishment. Everything that stood on its way would be completely destroyed without any discrimination by that breath of devastation.



Before long, the flash that dyed the world was disappearing as though melting into air.



"Tio-san-!"



Tio was swallowed by the aurora, no, any possibility other than Tio got destroyed altogether with the ground leaving not even dust behind was unthinkable from witnessing this spectacle, seeing that caused Shia to spontaneously called Tio's name with shrieking voice.



While beating to death several gray dragons with her kendama, Shia focused her eyes at the spot where Tio got blown away at, but she could only see a hole in the ground that was completely empty of any living thing and she couldn't discover Tio's figure.



"Hmph, perhaps that's overdoing it. Despite my intention to torture her to death, but to be annihilated with one attack…the situation just cannot go as I hoped for."



"There is no way such thing is――!?"



Freed glared at below looking not amused.



Shia raged to deny those words.



And then, Shia changed the Vire Doryukken into bombing mode and aimed at Freed…at that moment, the figure of herself getting slashed into pieces by countless large swords was reflected in her brain. It was a death prediction from her characteristic magic 'Future Sight'.



A chill rushed through her whole body instantly, her voice got caught in her throat while she twisted her body half-forcefully. From the superb timing of the attack's instant, it brought to Shia's intention that this was an attack that leaped through space――an attack that couldn't be dodged perfectly based on Shia's experience.



In an instant, the space around Shia was undulating, from there large swords were thrusting out in a flash.



"――"



While raising a wordless scream, Shia's legs and arms cartwheeled midair in order to at least avoid a fatal wound, and then four large swords grazed her and blood sprayed up.



Another large sword approached her head, she avoided that by turning her head and the blade grazed her cheek, two large swords approached her neck from left and right, she blocked one with her Vire Doryukken, and used the chain connected to the kendama to block the other one.



She pulled the trigger of Vire Doryukken next and used the fierce recoil to rotate like a spinning wheel, three blades rushed at her as though blocking her escape path, but she barely evaded them even while her shoulders got gouged.



And then, even while bearing injury, Shia somehow succeeded to get away from her future of death and put her feet on air using 'Air Force'. At the same time, the apostles with platinum hair flew out from the undulating space with their wings flapping, their twin swords launching severe slashes at Shia.



"KuUUUU-"



Vertical bisecting attack using two large swords at the same time. Shia blocked that attack using the handle of Vire Doryukken, but she was pushed toward the ground by immense pressure and impact where the weapons of both sides were locked with each other.



Amidst the sparks scattered by the large swords and the war hammer, Shia fell with fierce momentum toward the ground, the platinum apostle who wielded that bizarre strength from really close range then opened her mouth at Shia.



"The first apostle Erst. Judgment to god's enemy."



Immediately after, the large swords shined in platinum light. Right after that power swelled up explosively into a torrent. The apostle that introduced herself as Erst swung out her twin swords in one breath then.



"Gua!?"



Shia's body was struck fiercely due to the impact, she fell on the ground like that. *BAM* Fierce shockwave radiated loudly and a crater was created, dust rolled up. It was like a reproduction of Tio's fall before this.



Sure enough, five platinum flashes aimed for Shia at the bottom of the crater, all of them were fired simultaneously.



"The second apostle Zweit. Judgment to god's enemy."



"The third apostle Dritte. Judgment to god's enemy."



"The fourth apostle Vierte. Judgment to god's enemy."



"The fifth apostle Funfte. Judgment to god's enemy."



The four apostles that appeared unnoticed were conducting their introduction proclamation while launching their bombing. Even if the color of their magic power light was different, but it only stood to reason that the light that an apostle launched must have disintegration ability.



Thinking of the apostle's explosive power that struck Shia into the ground, the spec of the platinum apostles were obviously above even the normal apostle, from that it could be easily imagined that their bombing would be something absurd too.



Shia immediately pulled her kendama close to use it as shield replacement, but in the end would it make it in time or not… Similar with Tio, it seemed that Shia was also going to vanish inside the light.



But, at that time,



Gigantic black flash that was fired from somewhere approached the apostles, furthermore *hyun* a sound of cutting wind resounded and something like a rope rushed inside the dust cloud and entangled around Shia's body, it then extracted Shia from that spot in one go.



The platinum apostles flapped their platinum wings and evaded the black flash. At the same time, the ground where Shia was just at before she got pulled was pierced by the platinum bombardment. The ground after the dust got swept away had been gouged really deeply, even though the attack didn't pierce until the bottom of the island but the bottom of the hole couldn't be seen from above. As expected, the might of these apostles had wide difference compared to the normal apostle.



"Shia, art thou safe?"



"Tio-san!"



Shia who was entangled in black rope――or more accurately in black whip was pulled up and received into an embrace of Tio, who although she was in a sooty state here and there with various sizes of wound all over her body, her expression still looked comparatively fine.



Shia spontaneously sighed in relieve, to that Tio grinned widely while the corner of her mouth was holding a test tube container.



And then, Tio moved her lips and tilted the test tube container, she drained up the content in one go before *puih* she spat away the container also with a wild gesture, she then released Shia from her black whip.



"…So you escaped. What a toughness that is as expected from that man's woman. How annoying."



The expression of Freed's eyes warped while he spouted out abusive language.



"Well, I thought I was going to die for a bit there though. For the large shield created by Goshujin-sama to be pulverized, although it couldn't use 'Vajra' or 'Transmutation'…thou have really evolved this dragon of thy."



It appeared in that instant when the aurora poured down, Tio summoned a large shield artifact from her 'Treasure Warehouse II' and she barely escaped at the slight time it took until the shield got pulverized. In other words, the protection of Tio's Dragon Scale Armor got overtaken only by the after wave and she bore this much damage from that. As expected, the aurora of the Uranos was something absurd.



"Hmph, is it really okay for you to act composed? The aurora of Uranos who has reached the territory of a divine dragon is increased not only in its might. Its additional ability to obstruct healing is also evolved. It obstructed even the regeneration magic. On top of that, it is making the wound to worsen further with the passage of time. Although you got hit only by the after wave, if you bore that much wound, it won't take that long for the effect to gnaw at your body until you die you know?"



"Is that so? All these monsters, and then these platinum apostles, these art quite troublesome. …Well, normally that's how it would be."



"What?"



Ahead of the gaze of Freed who was feeling dubious at Tio's way of talking, Tio was wrapped in the light of magic power. That was the sign that regeneration magic was being used. As though to show that, the wounds that Tio bore were being healed one after another.



Freed was gazing in astonishment while raising his voice from being unable to endure his question.



"Ridiculous…the invasion of the aurora is being nullified? Impossible-"



"The ridiculous one art thou. Just how many times do you think Goshujin-sama hath been showered by that light. Obviously something like one or two countermeasure would be created for that."



"…Don't tell me, is it the liquid just now?"



Tio shrugged at Freed's question. It seemed that was the correct answer.



Anti-aurora magic medicine 'Fix It J'――the ability to obstruct healing that was included in the magic power of the aurora, Hajime who understood that it came from the magic factor with opposing nature against the magic power contained in the aurora made this magic medicine. Hajime enchanted magic that would negate the effect of the aurora into powder of metal that didn't have bad effect to the human body to make this medicine.



It had been proven by the 'God Water' that it was possible to forcefully heal the affected wound using something with healing power that surpassed the obstructing effect. And so, if the obstructing effect was weakened by this 'Fix It J', even if the effect had been evolved but the wound could be healed enough using regeneration magic.



Freed showed an irritated expression that the additional effect of the aurora didn't show result. Even the Uranos at his side was making growling sound from its throat in dissatisfaction.



But, at that time,



"-, Tio-san-"



"Yes-"



Suddenly, Shia raised a voice of warning, both of them immediately leaped away from their spot.



After that, platinum flash rushed through.



"Freed-sama. These people are that irregular's comrade. Please don't let your guard down."



"Acknowledged."



Erst was giving a warning to Freed using polite language. It seemed that before they knew it the status between the Freed and the apostles had been reversed. Most likely it was because the transformation that happened with Freed, but right now there wasn't any free time to know the detail.



The platinum apostles flew out simultaneously focusing at Shia.



"We will hand down the judgment at that rabbit person first. Is that fine?"



"Yeah. I'll leave that one to you. I too want to judge that dragon woman, the one who made fool of me once."



Erst nodded briskly at Freed's words, she then flapped her platinum wings in order to deal with Shia herself and flew away.



When Shia guessed that all the apostles were designating her as their target, she raised a ferocious war cry while forcefully blowing away the large sword that was swung down at her by the second apostle Zweit along with the holder.



"Bring it on desu-! Just try it if you think that you can desuu!"



Immediately after, faint blue magic power burst out from Shia. Using the derivative skill of magic power operation, 'Body Strengthening', and then also the further derivation skill 'Impact Conversion Increase III', Shia's body capability was explosively raised up.



And then, she rotated the kendama in high speed using only snapping motion of the wrist of the hand holding the chain, swinging around the super heavy kendama like a flail.



The gigantic metal mass was rotating in circle with abnormal speed and became like a streak of light.



There, the third apostle Dritte came attacking right from the front. Shia pulled the trigger of Vire Doryukken and fired out bursting slug bullet to check Dritte in place.



Dritte evaded that like it was only natural and kept advancing. But, Shia read ahead the path that she took and launched the kendama that looked like it would snap away anytime with superb timing. The liberated red kendama that looked like a wild beast made Dritte unable to take evasive action…was how it looked like, but the moment she was almost hit, Dritte's figure vanished.



And then, at the next moment, she materialized right at Shia's side. Furthermore, unnoticed the fourth apostle Vierte from behind and the fifth apostle Funfte from below were approaching, they slashed their twin large swords as though to block Shia's place to escape.



"ts, youu-"



Shia entrusted Vire Doryukken to her physical strength and swept it horizontally, she repelled away the large swords of the two apostles while dodging the last sword with a somersault.



But, it seemed that this time it was the apostles who read ahead of her movement, Zweit who was sent flying before this was already slashing her large sword in a timing that couldn't be dodged.



Inside the flow of time that felt strangely slow, the eyes of the inhuman apostle and Shia's eyes crossed with each other. No emotion or anything could be seen there, but vaguely Shia could feel something like triumph "Even if you can see the future, you cannot avoid this right?", surely it wasn't just in her imagination.



Shia wasn't even agitated or impatient, she returned back a straight clear gaze. Shia didn't blink even once while capturing the rapidly approaching blade that left behind trail of platinum light in her field of vision.



A predicament of this level was nothing to speak of. Don't think that the one who obtains new power is just you! Shia proclaimed that implicitly. And then, just when she was about to use that new power…a black whip stretched out smoothly and entangled the wrist of the apostle before her eyes.



(Oh my, I don't even need to use it. As expected from Tio-san. That's a superb follow-up desu!)



Shia who whispered that in her heart changed her plan. While a smile formed at the corner of her lips, Vire Doryukken leaped up from below.



The slowing world returned to its original speed.



Right after that, the arm of Zweit was tugged away and the trajectory of her large sword slipped away from Shia's body. At the same time, the war hammer repelled away the second sword from below at the opposite side while rising up with powerful speed.



*GOGYA!*



Such graphic sound resounded, Vire Doryukken that hit the jaw of Zweit blown her away to the sky above as though rocket propulsion was carrying her away.



"Disappear."



Toward Shia who was just lifting up Vire Doryukken, a cold voice――Erst's proclamation came at the same time with a platinum flash that attacked Shia.



Shia was unable to evade due to an instant of her body stiffening after launching her attack.



But, as expected the color of anxiety was nonexistence in her expression.



Right after that, Zweit who was blown away just now was returning. That wasn't because Shia's blow wasn't effective and she came to attack once more. The black whip that Tio controlled was still connected to her hand, therefore she was now being pulled back forcefully, toward the line of fire of the platinum light.



"――!"



Erst and the pulled back Zweit reflexively gazed in astonishment, at the next moment, Erst's bombing was defended by Zweit's own platinum wings.



And then, Zweit shook off the black whip entangling her wrist and got out of the line of fire in hurry.



This was happening in less than a second.



But, that was enough.



"SEYAAA!!"



A yell exploded.



Shia's Vire Doryukken caught the platinum flash in a full swing. A tremendous shockwave was generated, at the same time, the surface that was coated with sealing stone dispersed the disintegration ability along with the flash.



And then, the apostles who attempted to attack Shia without any interval were held back by Tio's breath attack, while Tio's body slipped in to become shield using her dragon scale against the opponent that couldn't be held back. Although the black dragon scale of the dragon race that boasted supreme hardness was disintegrated, coupled with its unparalleled endurance it somehow pulled through with only faint wound created by the platinum magic power.



"Those arts quiet the cooperation, but it's troubling for thou to then look down on our cooperation!"



Tio opened her mouth. At the tip of her mouth, magic power was focusing with fierce momentum. Dritte who was looking at that across the arm covered with dragon scale that blocked her large sword immediately leaped away. The compressed breath pierced that vacated spot.



Naturally, Shia and Tio became standing back to back.



"Tio-san, thank you very much. It's truly amazing that you can breakthrough to here."



"Well, if I charged with the resolve to be damaged, then as long as it's not against that white dragon I am unstoppable."



Yes, Tio saw Shia who was receiving a concentrated attack from the apostles, and then she resolved to receive damage from Freed and the monsters' attack while cutting across the storm of attacks to come at Shia's side.



"But, Tio-san, your wound…"



"Shia. It will be okay with this. Just so thou know, there is this."



"…Aa, I see desu."



Shia and Tio talked back to back with a small voice that could reach other.



During that time, with Erst at the front as the starting point, the apostles were surrounding the two. Beside Erst, Freed finally arrived accompanied with his Uranos.



"Sorry. It seems that dragon woman is not really bothered by damage. I misread the way she fights a little."



"No, we too were unable to finish off Shia Hauria. It appears that she has further increased her fighting strength in these few days. …What an unbelievable thing."



It seemed that the two of them were revising their analysis of Shia and Tio.



"Then, we will pull away Shia Hauria away and exterminate her."



"Aa. Even the dragon race won't be able to maintain that kind of reckless fighting for long but, I too will use my full strength here."



Shia and Tio, and then Freed and Erst, each side exchanged words with each other. The wind of tension blew once more.



And then…



"Exterminating god's enemy."



"Receive your judgment, foolish people."



Erst swung her twin large swords, while Freed distorted the space at the tip of his stretched out hand.



At the same time,



"I'm going-, ――'Level IV-'!!"



"Come, mine retainer, ――'Dragon Army Summoning'!!"



Shia's body reinforcement rose by a level, the light magic power enveloping her further increased in radiance. Along with Tio's proclamation, a hundred armed black dragons materialized from the 'magic orbs' that were scattered in the battlefield unnoticed by anyone.



Right now, the gong of the second round was sounded.





Chapter 170




All credit goes to the original author (Chuuni Suki), who has posted the raw data here:



Thanks for your continued support. If you like my writing style, check out my original works at , or just leave a comment.



Tingle translated this chapter. Bakapervert did the edits.



Author's comments: Time for Shia's culmination



____________________________________



The Young Girl With Rabbit Ears is Excelling



"UryaA!!"



With a cute and brave voice, Shia jumped out.



Body strengthening Level IV ― More precisely, this skill was one level above the magically operated derivation Conversion Efficiency Up III. This skill which could turn magical power into physical strength with a ratio of 1:3 had been evolved into Conversion Efficiency Up IV with sublimation magic, raising the ratio to 1:4.



At the same time,



"Fire!"



Tio issued her command.



GoAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!



Surrounding Shia and Tio were the swarm of monsters. Surrounding the swarm of monsters were the armed black dragons summoned by Tio's artifact, which simultaneously fired breath.



It was a perfect surprise attack for the monsters who were struck from the rear by a series of breaths.



The poor monsters resembling prisoners locked in iron maidens were mercilessly penetrated and killed by black flashes resembling Tio's breath attack.



The power was more than enough. It was around the same level as the aurora of the white dragon back in their first encounter. In other words, it was above the power of the reinforced ash dragons.



In fact, the breaths fired from the black dragons who numbered roughly one hundred instantly pulverized over two hundred monsters. That is to say, each breath was able to break through at least two monsters which boasted an unusually high level of defense.



Just where did these ridiculously powerful dragons come from? Freed grumbled as he directed the silver bombardment towards Tio. Even though he personally improved the level of the ash dragons to the level of the former white dragon, even though if received the assistance of god… Just how much effort and training would be required to go against that?



Even if Tio had a high aptitude with metamorphosis magic, if you were to compare her current skill with her skill back in the devil king castle, it was indeed an impossible development. No matter how you put it, her current level could not be reached in only a few days.



(In that case, as expected, the cause for this is the equipment attached to the black dragons. Such a thing as equipping monsters with artifacts… how absurd. That must once again be that guy's doing. How annoying!)



Freed came to that conclusion and cursed at the white-haired boy who wasn't here. Seeing his bombardment was repelled by Tio, he issued instructions to the monsters while preparing his next attack. That is, to eliminate the surrounding black dragons.



Following the main order, the large number of faithful subordinate monsters turned around and their new targets shifted from Tio to the black dragons.



Just as Tio planned. It was already bad enough that they had to face the platinum apostles, freed, and the divine white dragon, but if they also had to watch out for the attacks of the crowd of the monsters while fighting the other opponents, it would become unbearable.



'Numbers against numbers'. She was glad she had anticipated such a situation and had been preparing for it.



These armed dragons were from a species of dragon that inhabited a hidden village, Tio's hometown ― located on an island that could be reached by heading north on the continent until reaching a mountainous area, making one's way through the mountains until the seaside, and then navigating through the sea for several hundred kilometers. Originally, their power level was not less than that of monsters on the upper level of the abyss.



With the strengthening obtained using metamorphosis magic, their power became on par with the middle-level monsters. Add to that the artifacts bestowed upon them by Hajime's sublimation magic, however dirty that was, and their power rivaled that of lower level monsters. Finally, taking cheatmate into account (TN: The food Hajime made for them before the fight), their power could even be said to rival that of monsters in the lowest parts of the abyss.



Incidentally, even though the dragons used to be a different color, the fact that there were only black dragons was because Tio had used metamorphosis magic. The reason being something as stupid as: [The wife of the devil king (TN: refers to Hajime here) should be accompanied by evil dragons. Who says evil means black, right?]. The person herself showed a self-satisfied look.



Freed's monsters simultaneously attacked the armed black dragons. Their number was still more than ten times more. Specs-wise they were roughly equal. Therefore, it should be expected that the black dragons would be overwhelmed by the enemy's numbers.



However, that expectation would soon be betrayed in the truest sense.



First, as if to say the skies belong to them, the ash dragons simultaneously unleashed a series of breaths expressing their anger. Countless traces of light shone through the air. Totaling more than three times the numbers of black dragons, the series of breaths looked like a wall to them.



However, against the multitude of attacks which were expected to become direct hits, the black dragons performed evasive maneuvers that looked like barrel-rolls and successfully dodged the series of attacks, a little like someone finding gaps and weaving his way through a crowd.



These moves seemed like the movements of Shia, who knew the safety zones, made just before.



The origin was the helmet the black dragons were wearing.



This helmet covered the entirety of the head, until the tip of the nose, and had a Foresight ability. Unlike Shia's foresight, this ability could not show a distinct picture of the danger beforehand, but once an attack had been fired, it did have the ability to sense the trajectory of the attack. They took precise evasive action according to this ability.



The black dragons counterattacked with breaths and mowed down the alarmed monsters. A monster with the head of horse which managed to slip through the black light dove towards a black dragon's chest and swung its strong arm. The fist that was thrown into the part of the armor that covered the black dragon from its lower parts up until its stomach made contact and a dark red wave spread as the monster's magical power was turned into a shockwave.



However, at that moment, a similar wave was caused by the armor, and the one getting blown away was the monster with the horse head. That was obviously the effect of Impact Conversion. The moment the armor the black dragon wore perceived a shock, it returned it. It was a reactive armor, so to speak.



In addition, a three-headed wolf and a black panther chimera launched an attack on the black dragon, only to be counter-attacked by its claws and tail. The two monsters scrutinized the counter-attack, as if they were mocking its dullness, and quickly dodged it. Or so they thought, but in the next moment, they fell on the ground with their blood splashing out.



Even though they should have certainly dodged it, their bodies had been split into two. The cause for this was the activation of Wind Nail which had been installed on the dragon's claws and at the edge of its tail.



Though equal specs-wise, comparing the strength only based on numbers was presumptuous. The artifacts equipped could overturn the difference in fighting strength of both sides!



"Fufu, this is the result of my group work with goshujin-sama. Not bad, don't you think?"



"Uranus! Mow them down!"



Ignoring Tio's prideful moment, Freed twitched his eyebrows and gave the order to the divine dragon. An enormous torrent of aurora was fired in the direction of Tio.



'How many times do I have to deal with that?' Tio thought as she quickly went out the way of the incarnation of death which mowed down everything in its path. At the same time, she made a telepathic communication with the black dragons that stood in the path of the attack to urge them to evade.



The black dragons made a tailspin and performed an emergency escape, but as expected, it was impossible to perfectly evade the maxed-out death beam which made Tio feel her scales were being shredded just from the aftershock, and several black dragons sustained wounds.



Then, without a moment's delay,



"― Boon of the Dragon King."



Tio sang to herself.



Then, a black wave spread through Tio. The black dragons having lost their wings and limbs who were tumbling to the ground recovered in the blink of an eye, allowing them to keep flying.



Spirit magic and regeneration magic combined, Boon Of The Dragon King. This magic is a combination of regeneration magic and spirit magic, used to select only the black dragons as the scope of effect.



Just as the name of the magic suggests, the black dragons received healing from their own king. They raised a cry of great joy as they resumed the fight. The dragon king had protected them. No matter how wounded they had been, they showed no fear. Even if they were in a situation where they should instinctively prioritize evasion, they moved forward and swung their claws and bore their fangs at the enemy. As a result, this made the black dragons in superior position again.



And, Tio swung the black whip she was holding in her hand. Even though its length appeared to be five or six meters at most, once it was swung, it expanded to an impossible degree and took an irregular trajectory as it soared through the air. The speed of the tip of the whip was slightly above the speed of sound.



It was a horizontal slash aimed at Freed.



"Tch!"



Freed clicked his tongue, and tried to used the silver wings as a defense. However, the trajectory of the black whip suddenly changed and its tip struck the white divine dragon's eyeball.



GuluaAAAAAAAAAA



Normally, even if the divine dragon's eyeball were to receive a direct hit, its aberrantly huge stamina would not allow there to be even a single trace of a wound. But, the moment the tip of the black whip made contact, it followed the surface of the eyeball, creating a gap in space, easily tearing through the eyeball.



That black whip was naturally an artifact made by Hajime, and its name was Black Whip of Slavery. On one part of its design was attached a small Treasure Warehouse. Stored inside was the biggest black whip in existence, three kilometers in length. By pouring magical power, one could freely take more length out or in, effectively changing the size of the whip. At a glance, it was a whip that could stretch infinitely.



Furthermore, countless small pieces of metal were attached along the whip, so if one were to concentrate one's eyes on the whip, one would see something similar to a cat's tongue, or possibly the skin of a shark, that would shave off its target.



And, a space magic, Decapitation Silk, was embedded in those metal pieces. By the will of the user, it could cut off the surrounding space.



Although the divine dragon narrowly avoided another strike coming for its other eye, its pride had been damaged. It showed fury at the fact that it had received a wound. In its anger, it started mowing down the battlefield with its aurora.



Countless of its own allies were swallowed in the attack, but it didn't hit Tio, which only made the divine dragon angrier.



"Overcometh by emotions on the battlefield? How inexperienced."



Even if it had changed and its power increased, it had a long way to go as far as combat experience is concerned. It seemed the white divine dragon had lost its composure.



In a sense, against the white divine dragon leaving lots of openings in its attacks, Tio, showing the dignity of a senior, swung her black whip of slavery.



However, this time it was aimed at the three-headed wolf that was still staggering from the after effects of the previous aurora.



"GuGaaa!?"



The three-headed wolf let out a surprised voice at the sudden black whip of slavery that twined around its neck and tightened.



"Cometh to life, together with the first cry of birth, ―― Authority of the Dragon King!!"



The voice which carried Tio's dignity resounded.



At the same time, the three-headed wolf screamed.



"GiiiaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA"



It was a strange scream you would totally never expect from this three-headed wolf.



The cause would be obvious for anyone.



"Wh, what, what are you doing!?"



Freed said in an unintentionally shaken voice.



That couldn't be helped. After all, the three-headed wolf whose neck had been entangled by the black whip of slavery, underwent a sudden transformation while it was screaming.



In terms of seconds, it took approximately three seconds.



In this short timespan, the three-headed wolf turned into a monster that was covered in black scales. It grew thick, strong limbs and a tail, as well as sharp claws, and hard wings showing radiance ―― It had turned into a dragon.



Authority of the Dragon King, a combined magic made of spirit magic and metamorphosis magic. A spirit magic that took the information of dragon transformation from her own dragon race soul and copied it, Dragon Soul Reproduction, and a metamorphosis magic, Sixth Heaven's Demon Transformation. This combined magic forced the monster to undergo a transformation into a black dragon.



Normally, no matter how high Tio's aptitudes were in metamorphosis magic, it should be impossible to turn a monster, controlled by someone else at that, into her own underling in mere seconds.



What made such a thing possible was Black Whip of the Slavery. Its real worth didn't lie in controlling its elasticity at will, nor in its ability to cut through the surrounding space, but in its ability to act as a device that assisted a compulsory change into a dragon. Using this black whip of slavery as an intermediary, Tio was able to force the usual monsters to turn into black dragons.



She could make the monsters she whipped obey her.



Maybe it could be said It wasn't something fitting for an extremely masochist pervert, or maybe it could be said it was something too fitting for a pervert's wildest ends. It couldn't be helped that Shia and the others looked at Hajime in disbelief in lots of ways when he handed the black whip to Tio.



While Freed was shocked at the fact that one of his underlings had been snatched away, two more of his monsters were again changed into black dragons.



"As if I'm going to let you do anymore than that."



A magical attack like surging wave was fired by Freed. The magic that contained all attributes rushed towards Tio to engulf her. At the same time, silver feathers were fired to cover the remaining gaps. And, to seal any means of escape, the white divine dragon unleashed its aurora.



Tio, without a moment's hesitation, jumped inside the storm of the attack unleashed by Freed without fearing damage.



If she wouldn't be able to avoid it, she might as well leap into Freed's attack, was the conclusion she reached. This evasion action, which could be said to be reckless, was actually a success taking into account the power of the aurora and its after effects.



However, although most of Freed's attack was repelled by her black scales, his magic, and most of all the decomposition ability, were pouring constantly and she sustained by no means only light damage.



As the pulverized black dragon scales reflected light, blood began slowly falling to the ground, and before long, it turned into a spray of blood.



"How unsightly. Now that you can't rely on restoration from the stubbornness of your dragons and your magic, you're showing such a disgraceful way of fighting."



"I wouldn't put it like that. Those are also legitimate tactics."



"Foolishness. You just don't understand the concept of abilities. I was surprised at your ability to snatch away my monsters, but it seems the person herself is going to meet her end soon after all."



Freed made fun of Tio's fighting style, who was ignoring the damage she received. And, once more, she was faced with a barrage of magic and decomposition magic, while the divine white dragon breathed its aurora breath.



Tio once more weighed the aurora breath and Freed's attack, chose the latter, and exposed herself to the storm of the attack.



At that time, she expanded the length of her black whip of slavery to turn more monsters into black dragons. Seeing such behavior, Freed thought she was acting like a desperate chicken trying to invert the tide of the battle by increasing her war potential because her own power must be reaching its limits. His mocking face grew even more mocking as he saw this.



'If you like being bombed so much, I'll let you have as much as you want' thought Freed as he turned a sadistic look to Tio. The density of the barrage of attacks increased yet again.



On the other side, Shia jumped out. A fierce battle was going on with the platinum apostles on this side too. Though, by no means could it be said to be a fair battle.



Just barely, yes, really just barely, did Shia manage to endure.



If she didn't have body strengthening Level IV and her native magic Divine Revelation Sight, she would have probably been instant-killed by the platinum apostles. With a quick estimation, the specs of the platinum apostles could be said to be several times that of Shia. She had expected these apostles to be stronger than the average apostle, however she hadn't expected them to be this strong.



"How about giving up? Shia Hauria."



Erst, who held a large sword and was engaged in a sword lock with Shia, stared at her and said so from point-blank range.



There, for a moment, an improbable thought like 'Maybe it's better to do that… ' popped in her head. When she realized she had been taken aback by the earlier suggestion, a long sword came sweeping sideways from the back.



At once, using her weapon which was engaged in a sword lock as support, Shia used Air Force to perform a handstand and kick into the air. The trajectory of the sword missed her by a hair's breadth.



"Don't underestimate me desu!"



While performing her handstand with her twisted body, she also pulled the trigger of Vire Doryuken, firing a slug bullet from point blank range. It was a special bullet that had been improved and whose power had been increased, and it caused a violent shock. Shia aimed for the moment the two apostles were recovering from the shock, and made use of it to jump back.



Immediately after, a silver flash passed through the place Shia was standing before. Without taking a moment to be relieved, Shia used Air Force once more and jumped. As expected, another silver flash came from another angle and grazed Shia's feet.



Rolling over in the sky, she hardened herself in midair and immediately descended towards the ground. That's right, at the very least, if she was on the ground, she wouldn't have to face attacks coming from below in addition to all other directions.



Then, once she had successfully taken distance from the enemy, she made a sour expression and started a monolog, while staying alert and keeping Vire Doryuken ready.



"To feel uneasiness caused by Charm this late in the game…that's such a failure on my part."



"Or rather, did I just feel surprised when I broke out of the spell? Even though I have strengthening against charm type effects."



The apostles who had also descended onto the ground surrounded Shia from all five sides.



Facing the perseverant Shia, Esrt sent her a somehow amazed look. Even so, the fact that Erst was not showing any sign of impatience was not only due to her being inhuman, but mostly to the fact that she was convinced they would overwhelm Shia.



Erst and the other apostles knew that the reason Shia was able to keep up was because of her native ability. And also that it would consume a non-negligible amount of magic power each time. Even if she was in possession of an artifact supplying magic power, it was bound to run dry after some time.



"Originally, you shouldn’t have lasted even a few moments. Good grief, even I am amazed at your degree of strengthening … This is Yue-san's magic, right?"



Shia narrowed her eyes dangerously.



The original color of the light of the apostles' magic, silver ― There was now orange mixed in it, making it a platinum. And, Shia had come to see and feel that gold magic countless times during their travel, so she couldn't be mistaken. It was a precious part of the elder sister she had befriended … It was Yue's magic.



Of course, she knew that it was the doing of Ehito Rujue, who occupied Yue's body.



But, to think that the power of her special person was being used arbitrarily, and pointed at them as a weapon … the anger rising up from her chest was not average.



Feeling she might lose herself to her anger boiling like magma, Shia frantically held her anger back.



Then, intending to turn all the heat she had generated from her anger into power and leave her thoughts for later, she tried to do as Yue, her battle master, taught her, that is, to remain calm like the cold of ice.



In return, Esrt replied with a voice seemingly devoid of emotion.



"More precisely, it should be called the magic of our master, Ehito Rujue-sama. That body, as well as its magic. Everything already belongs to master."



" … … "



Shia's anger skyrocketed as Esrt calmly gave an answer she seemingly considered really natural.



Shia took out a vial from Treasure Warehouse II. She put it directly before her open mouth and drank the contents in one gulp, just like instant foods. To make her even more unreasonable. To break through her limits.



Then, she exhaled like Tio did, and rashly threw the container away. She swung Vire Doryuken once.



Then she spoke in an extremely cold tone and used words she would absolutely never let her family, or Hajime and her friends, hear.



"Fuck you! I've heard enough. Yue-san's body and magic, and her everything else, it's obvious who owns all that. That's right, everything is Hajime-san's. The one you guys call irregular. I, the one with the title of Divination Expert who can glance into the future, certify that. To the likes of you, as well as your master, I can make the following prediction ― 'There is no future'."



" … Nonsense. What do you think a diminutive existence whose hands or feet can't reach master do? Accept reality, Shia Hauria. Tio Claus doesn’t even compare with Freed-sama. And because you are being once more overwhelmed by us, the best you can do is try to endure. Can't you understand? Or is it that you're trying to escape from reality? The ones who don't have a future are you people."



Esrt had suddenly been overcome by a strange chill, and her voice had faltered. She objectively analyzed the situation, and precisely refuted Shia.



Certainly, although Tio was aiming to turn the tide by increasing the number of black dragons, the wounds she had sustained weren't minor, and she was probably planning to use up all her strength to thwart their plan before it succeeded. And, on this side, Shia had also been overwhelmed to this extent.



There was nothing that could prove Erst wrong.



Up until now …



Shia who had daringly refuted her started laughing with an atrocious face resembling that of a beast.



"'That's the limit of my power'. When did you hear me say such a thing?"



"? What are you ―"



Puzzled, Erst tried to make sense of that with a questioning voice ―



However, her mouth suddenly stopped ―



Shia's power swelled up. Along with an angry war cry.



"―― Level V ! ! "



The atmosphere shook with a thud. Light blue magic sprang out depicting a screw-like trajectory and rose up.



Originally, with sublimation magic, she could enhance her magic one level above. Which is why, using sublimation magic, the limit of Shia's body strengthening should have been Level IV. However, what allowed her to surpass that limit was Hajime's special magic potion Cheatmate Dr.



What Shia drank some time ago was not restorative medicine, but a drinkable Cheatmate. A specialized version containing an excess of ingredients with the use of sublimation magic at that. If it weren't Shia who was specialized in body strengthening, it wouldn't be strange for the user's body to be disintegrated within seconds. It was the kind of body strengthening this was about.



Shia, who had broken through her limit, immediately jumped out, breaking the ground beneath her.



"Huh, again, more power … However, even with this, you're still no match for us!"



Erst stopped Vire Doryuken which was swung at her from the front using her large sword. With a thunderous roar, the surrounding ground cracked, but the large sword didn't make a sound.



Then, using mere physical strength, Erst repelled Shia, as if proving her earlier words.



In truth, if one were to compare the status of Shia and the status of the platinum apostles, the difference would be clear.



How much of a gap there was between the two.



For argument's sake, if the platinum apostles had a status plate, the stats indicated on it would be something like this:



＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝



Physical strength：22.000 ⇒ [Strengthened 66000]



Stamina：22.000 ⇒ [Strengthened: 66000]



Resistance：22.000 ⇒ [Strengthened: 66000]



Agility：22.000 ⇒ [Strengthened: 66000]



Magical power：22.000 ⇒ [Strengthened: 66000]



Magical resistance：22.000 ⇒ [Strengthened: 66000]



＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝



For normal apostles, their stats would all be at 12.000, and at 36.000 after being strengthened. Meaning those white-platinum apostles almost had twice their stats.



And, Shia's body strengthening Level V was (TN: CM stands for Cheatmate, SM for sublimation magic, BS for body strengthening):



＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝



Physical strength：100 ⇒[CM 200] ⇒[SM 400] ⇒[BS Ⅴ 38400]



Stamina： 120 ⇒[CM 240] ⇒[SM 480] ⇒[BS V 38480]



Resistance： 100 ⇒[CM 200] ⇒[SM 400] ⇒[BS V 38400]



Agility： 130 ⇒[CM 260] ⇒[SM 520] ⇒[BS V 38520]



Magical power： 3800 ⇒[CM 7600]



Magical resistance： 4000 ⇒[CM 8000]



＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝



This is how it was. Those were specs that would enable her to surpass normal apostles, but they fell far short of the platinum apostles she was up against.



Shia, who had been blown away by Erst, flew horizontally along the ground. However, there was not a single sign of her losing her composure, and the ferocious daring smile was still there.



Beams of light of the white-platinum apostles were approaching her from left and right. Using Vire Doryuken, she propelled her body and evaded. Then, she turned towards Zweit who was awaiting her from behind, rolled around, and used her propelling force to make a full swing of Vire Doryuken.



The white-platinum apostle unintentionally gazed at her in wonderment after her next words, which were accompanied by a war cry.



"―― Level VI ! ! "



"!?"



The following impact. If one depicted this scene with a painting, the physical impact would be the same as the facial impact between Erst's face moments before and now.



However, just before the blow with the strength of Shia's propelling, she operated Vire Doryuken's gravity magic and its weight increased. The white-platinum apostle couldn't turn a blind eye to the destructive power that was created.



With a terrific roar, a shockwave was created from between the two who clashed. Dust shot up, and inside, a pair of large swords had caught Vire Doryuken's blow and were crossing against it.



The blow couldn't be stopped with only one hand anymore. Zweit's feet which had been slightly pushed back testified of that.



Shia's body strengthening Level VI. Its values were:



＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝



Physical strength：100 ⇒[CM 200] ⇒[SM 400] ⇒[BS ⅤI 46000]



Stamina： 120 ⇒[CM 240] ⇒[SM 480] ⇒[BS VI 46080]



Resistance： 100 ⇒[CM 200] ⇒[SM 400] ⇒[BS VI 46000]



Agility： 130 ⇒[CM 260] ⇒[SM 520] ⇒[BS VI 46120]



Magical power： 3800 ⇒[CM 7600]



Magical resistance： 4000 ⇒[CM 8000]



＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝



But, she was still far from being a match for them.



However, the artifact made by Hajime and her age of gods magic made up for that gap.



Shia poured magic into Vire Doryuken which was engaged in a sword lock with the twin large swords in the center, thus activating a gimmick.



KASHUN! One part of the center of the damaged surface on the ground slipped, and inside, the jet black stake that had been charged started emitting light blue sparks, and immediately rotated at high speed.



"Pierce through!"



Following Shia's pattern, her finger pulled the trigger.



GoOOON



A thunderous roar reverberated.



"Na!?"



Came Zweit's surprised voice.



Vire Doryuken's IAP pile banker mercilessly pulverized the pair of large swords into thousand pieces and drew near Zweit's head.



Zweit, surprised, barely managed to move her head out of the way, but the jet black stake which grazed her cheek inflicted a significant wound on the face of the beauty that resembled a piece of art, and tore through most of her beautiful platinum hair.



From the sky, Dritte shot silver feathers. So did Vierte and Funfte from the left and right.



Furthermore, Zweit who was at point-blank range moved to avoid the silver flash, and Erst swung her silver twin swords.



There was no way out.



They had reassessed the increase of specs in Shia's body strengthening, and maybe they were aiming to bring her down quickly. Maybe she was actually strong enough to take down Zweit if they weren't careful.



Any means of escape was virtually nonexistent for Shia.



All of a sudden Shia closed her eyes.



"Have you given up!"



Came Erst's voice.



She couldn't think of any other reason why Shia would close her eyes under these circumstances. Anyone else would naturally think along the same lines as Erst.



But, there was no way the monster rabbit would stand there and accept defeat.



And in the next moment, all attacks missed their target.



"!?" X5



Their inhuman expressions lost their perfectness.



Instead, their faces were painted with confusion and surprise.



That couldn't be helped. Because, after all, Shia was still there. She was there, and even so, all the attacks slipped through.



It was not that the person herself had been cut into two so skillfully that she hadn't realized anything, neither that she had been obliterated by the feathers and flash.



The cause was the strange sight displayed before their eyes. That strange sight was a Shia that had become semi-transparent.



The space magic Half Transition ―― a magic that shifted one's body halfway to a different space. All interference from the origin space wouldn't reach the body. In other words, it was a magic of absolute defense.



This was, so to speak, a failed transition magic that connected two spaces. If someone other than Shia were to do it, it wouldn't be unlikely that their body would get scattered in pieces, so it was an emergency defective magic that was quite dangerous. Because in no way were her magic aptitudes poor in spite of being specialized in body strengthening, and because she was in a state where she had broken through her limits thanks to the Cheatmate she used, Shia could immediately use space magic as a physical ability.



Of course, it was a magic even Shia could not use at her own convenience. It consumed a huge amount of magical power. And on top of Shia not being able to interfere with the origin space either when half-transitioning, she couldn't even move. Therefore, it was a trump card she could only use once in a battle.



Which is why, Shia wouldn't miss this chance.



As soon as the attack passed through, she undid the half-transitioning and returned to the origin space, and dove forward while firing explosive slug bullets around her.



She closed in upon Zweit's bust, who had lost her pair of large swords and had only been firing silver bombardment. Then, she moved past Zweit's drawn out icefish-like hands in a move resembling a snake, and Shia's hands grabbed Zweit's head.



Placing her palm so it covered Zweit's eyes, Shia used her nails on Zweit's forehead to lock her grip.



Then,



" ―― Level VII ! ! "



Additional body strengthening.



＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝



Physical strength：100 ⇒[CM 200] ⇒[SM 400] ⇒[BS ⅤII 53600]



Stamina： 120 ⇒[CM 240] ⇒[SM 480] ⇒[BS VII 53680]



Resistance： 100 ⇒[CM 200] ⇒[SM 400] ⇒[BS VII 53600]



Agility： 130 ⇒[CM 260] ⇒[SM 520] ⇒[BS VII 53720]



Magical power： 3800 ⇒[CM 7600]



Magical resistance： 4000 ⇒[CM 8000]



＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝



Possessing stats far exceeding that of strengthened normal apostles, she rushed forward while still holding Zweit's head, escaping the siege she had been in.



In moments, she exceeded the speed of sound, broke through the wall of the atmosphere, and slammed the back of Zweit's head with this insane force against a boulder protruding from the ground.



Taking into account the stamina of the white-platinum apostles, there was no way their heads could be crushed like a tomato. On the other hand, the boulder would be pulverized. However, Shia didn't stop there and kept pressing Zweit's head farther into the ground, before firing off an explosive slug bullet from point-blank range.



Furthermore, while jumping from that spot, she kept pulling the trigger over and over again. Against the explosive slug bullet creating brutal shockwaves, even if Zweit wouldn't sustain major wounds, there was no sign of her being able to move, and she was being crucified deep into the ground like a doll being toyed with.



Sensing that Erst and the other had come in pursuit, Shia unmindfully took out a big lump of metal from Treasure Warehouse II. It was a rectangle shape, 20 meters in length, 10 meters in width.



On one face was a small hole. Shia changed the design of Vire Doryuken and thrust it into the hole.



Then it would become obvious. The huge rectangle object was an external equipment attached to Vire Doryuken to deal damage.



Even if one was using gravity magic, there was a limit to the reduction of weight. A human wouldn't be able to hold 100 tons even with gravity magic.



Yes, this hammer really weighed 100 tons.



"Let the earth be scarred desu!"



Shia let out a loud yell.



Using her physical strength which had been strengthened beyond the realm of humans at full throttle, she swung down the hammer, preparing to cause an impact nothing short of comparable to that of an asteroid on a star.



When Zwei was finally able to raise his body from the storm of the explosive slug bullets, her whole vision was already covered with a wall cold metal.



"―― !"



At once, she entered defense mode using her white-silver feathers to cover her body in a knit. But, on the surface of the strike, there was obviously a sealing stone, and the moment of impact, it unknitted the feather, which then completely vanished under the weight that defied common sense.



Then, a severe earthquake occurred.



The artificial island that had caused the unnatural earthquake rumbled. The ground collapsed where the head of the hammer had crashed like a grave-marker. And, as if to make doubly sure of the deed, the hammer started rotating.



At that time, on the surface of the hammer that was touching Zweit, countless sharp edges grew out, and grinding sounds resounded as holes were being made into her. As a matter of fact, a drill gimmick was attached to the head of this hammer. In order to pulverize into million pieces the enemy that had been crushed by it.



Moreover, sealing stones had also been put on the sharp edges to deny enemy resistance. Even if Zweit used her white-silver feathers to protect her body, it would be useless. Truly, men were fond of drills.



Glancing at the 100t hammer that kept digging into the ground little by little, Erst and the other apostles, with a disciplined attitude that seemed indifferent to their fellow apostle's situation, rushed towards Shia.



Shia had just brought down the true 100 tons. She began the process to detach Vire Doryuken from the head of the hammer by shrinking it. She would definitely not make it in time, and she couldn't use [Half Transition] once more. If she did, the consumption of magical power supply from demon crystal stone would become unbalanced, and her body strengthening would be undone.



If that happened, if she was hit only once, there would be no second time.



There, Shia would have to use another of her trump cards.



"It's over!"



Erst's sentence penetrated her ears.



At the same time,



Gakin!



A hard sound resounded.



From Shia who had received and stopped the pair of large swords.



It was not that she used an equipment relying on an artifact to block the swords, nor that she used the pommel of Vire Doryuken.



It was just that she only had her body at her disposal, and she stopped the blow from the pair of large swords.



"Steel Clothes ―― It"s going to take more than normal attacks to bring me down you know?"



Shia's fearless voice echoed.



It was literally as if she wore steel clothes: it was a metamorphosis magic that strengthened her body.



Her neck, shoulders, arms, feet. The sword that obviously aimed to chop off Shia into several pieces, although it managed to bite into Shia a little because of the disintegration ability, was stopped from inflicting a major wound.



The apostles stiffened unintentionally. They started searching their data at high speed for an explanation, but no matter how much they searched, there was obviously no data recording of Shia having an advanced defense system skill as Hajime did. The fact that she immediately became impenetrable using metamorphosis magic indicated that her way of using it had to be very unique.



Sixth Heaven's Demon Transformation was unique in its use of the demon stone, which was similar to Ryutaro's. It immediately made one's own body undergo a metamorphosis. It wasn't much different Tio's Dragon Transformation. It was Steel Transformation, so to speak. Though its consumption of magical power was not at the level of Half Transition, it was still significant, so its use had to be carefully thought about.



The apostles started trembling slightly. But this mere action would leave a fatal gap in this battle that was anything but usual.



Gashun! Vire Doryuken's shrinking process completed. Shia's face showed a faint smile at the return of her partner in her hands.



Then she let out that war cry once more.



"―― Level VIII ! ! "



"Na !?"



A light blue magical power surged. Shia's specs went up once again!



＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝



Physical strength：100 ⇒[CM 200] ⇒[SM 400] ⇒[BS ⅤIII 61200]



Stamina： 120 ⇒[CM 240] ⇒[SM 480] ⇒[BS VIII 61280]



Resistance： 100 ⇒[CM 200] ⇒[SM 400] ⇒[BS VIII 61200]



Agility： 130 ⇒[CM 260] ⇒[SM 520] ⇒[BS VIII 61320]



Magical power： 3800 ⇒[CM 7600]



Magical resistance： 4000 ⇒[CM 8000]



＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝



Her physical ability was nearing that of the platinum apostles.



Erst's face twitched.



Immediately following, the pair of silver swords that were trying cut Shia's Steel Clothes were repelled. Then, with both of Erst's arms raised due to the repelling, her stomach was left exposed, and a rotating Vire Doryuken was thrust into her at full power.



"Gaha!?"



Esrt's body was bent back and forth. A short exhalation, along with bloody vomit, came out from her mouth, and one of her swords involuntarily fell from her arm that became loose after the shock. And, she was sent flying with terrific force, like the ball in a pinball game.



Dritte, who had been stunned by the absurd defense before her eyes, suddenly came back to herself and swung her twin swords. Shia evaded by simply letting herself free-fall towards the ground. Vierte and Funfte gave pursuit using their platinum bombardment and feathers.



Using Divine Revelation Sight and Air Force, Shia barely evaded. She landed near the empty large hole made by the floating island of the extra-large drill. Glancing inside, she confirmed her feeling that Zweit had been subjugated. Also, she confirmed the stern faces of the apostles after Erst, the first apostle, had obviously received some serious damage when she was blown away.



Even though they had the conviction that they were overwhelming the enemy, when they noticed there were only three of them left.



Closing in on Shia, suddenly her previous declaration passed through their minds.



――To the likes of you, and also your shitty master, I can make the following prediction 'There is no future'.



Dritte who was in the lead gritted her teeth.



She was thinking about something insignificant, that was all nonsense.



Then, she shook off the ominous feeling that was sticking to her and swung down her pair of large swords with all her strength.



That sword swing, to which was added the power of her drop, could only be described with one word: powerful.



In response, Shia readied Vire Doryuken's lower part and took a stance of interception.



'What a fool', Dritte thought. Her body strengthening surprisingly deserved credit. Certainly, it was an outstanding boost that allowed her to approach them, the white-platinum apostles.



But, even with this, she couldn't reach them. This attack, which also used the speed of her fall, was simply something that exceeded the power of Shia's stats. Therefore, there was no way she would be able to defend against it. Let alone intercept it!



However …



( … … Why is your mouth moving!? What the hell are you intending to say!?)



Actually, she knew. In this slow motion scene, the movement on Shia's lips was something familiar, something she had come to see many times in this battle. Each time those powerful words were unleashed into this world, little by little, she was growing closer to it. To their height, that is. It was like an evil spirit lurking in the abyss, whose hands was growing longer in order to drag them in.



Dritte's muscles froze.



Therefore, without even realizing herself, she made a wish.



(Please stop!)



But, naturally, there was no way this wish would come true ――



"Level IX ! ! "



＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝



Physical strength：100 ⇒[CM 200] ⇒[SM 400] ⇒[BS IX 68800]



Stamina： 120 ⇒[CM 240] ⇒[SM 480] ⇒[BS IX 68880]



Resistance： 100 ⇒[CM 200] ⇒[SM 400] ⇒[BS IX 68800]



Agility： 130 ⇒[CM 260] ⇒[SM 520] ⇒[BS IX 68920]



Magical power： 3800 ⇒[CM 7600]



Magical resistance： 4000 ⇒[CM 8000]



＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝



Shia Hauria was now exceeding the white-platinum apostles. The pair of large swords Dritte had swung down and Vire Doryuken, which Shia had swung up, collided.



The explosion-like shock spread in the surroundings, and the ground around Shia was blown off, leaving a crater.



Even with the speed of the fall added to it, the two competing powers were equal.



Sparks were splendidly scattering around the pair of large swords and Vire Doryuken that were locked against one another.



"To stand against the apostles of god, what arrogance! Go down! Shia Hauria!"



The apostles had no such things as emotions. That was a lie all right.



Dritte, who had gotten aggressive and betrayed the usual calm of the apostles, fluttered the wings on her back in an attempt to smash up Shia.



After all, as she stated, it was unforgivable to stand against a being like herself who deserved the title of apostle of god. But, what was even more unforgivable was the fact that she would harbor the feeling of 'fear' caused by Shia, someone who had entered their own territory.



In order to deny this, she desperately poured more power into her pair of large swords.



Shia caught sight of Vierte and Funfte sneaking up from behind to attempt a pincer attack from left and right, spoke.



"Ha, I had no idea! So much for your rules."



Shia wrapped it around Dritte's neck.



Her hair that is.



"This is ――"



"You're in the way!"



Her hair, like it was a living being, tightened around Dritte's neck, and threw her with terrific force at Vierte who was approaching from the left. Neither Dritte, nor Vierte, could ever have expected Shia's hair to move like a living being. They were completely taken by surprise, and were thrown onto the ground.



And then, the expression on the face of Funfte who was approaching from the right … froze.



Yes, at the sight of that face.



"Impossible, that can't be! Such a thing as surpassing us!"



"Now then, this is the last one, ―― Level X ! ! ! "



Funfte screamed in denial as Shia, whose sky blue magic was reflected on the walls, stepped forward.



＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝



Physical strength：100 ⇒[CM 200] ⇒[SM 400] ⇒[BS X 76400]



Stamina： 120 ⇒[CM 240] ⇒[SM 480] ⇒[BS X 76480]



Resistance： 100 ⇒[CM 200] ⇒[SM 400] ⇒[BS X 76400]



Agility： 130 ⇒[CM 260] ⇒[SM 520] ⇒[BS X 76520]



Magical power： 3800 ⇒[CM 7600]



Magical resistance： 4000 ⇒[CM 8000]



＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝



It was an overwhelming physical ability that surpassed the stats of the white-platinum apostles by more than 10000.



From Funfte's point of view, all she could see was Shia suddenly vanishing from her field of vision. Shia's movement speed had finally exceeded the perception ability of the apostles.



Funfte opened her eyes wide in terror at the impossible situation where she, an apostle of god, had lost sight of the enemy she was fighting, when she felt a figure from behind.



Barely having the time to direct her line of sight over her shoulders, all that was reflected in her eyes was a war hammer spreading over her entire field of vision.



"Ku, such a thing … "



Came the extremely shaky voice of Dritte as she retook her stance after having been previously thrown onto the ground along with Vierte. At the end of her sight was the surreal scene of Funfte's head pulverized, with only a stain left on the ground.



"Dritte … At this rate … "



On Dritte's side, Vierte, who readied her pair of large swords, addressed her fellow apostles as she kept her trembling eyes on Shia. However, there were no follow-up words. It was obvious she frankly didn't want to say what came next.



Dritte couldn't respond. Nevertheless, at that time, she caught sight of an unusual phenomenon surrounding Shia. No, more precisely, it was an unusual phenomenon surrounding what deserved the title of Shia's partner, the war hammer.



"This is … "



If they focused their eyes, they could see countless cracks on Vire Doryuken.



That was not a coincidence.



After all, it stopped countless attacks from the front, each of which had decomposition ability and unusually high impact, and what's more, it now has to cope with Shia's insane physical strength which surpassed reason. Rather, what was more of a wonder was how it had withstood all that so far.



"Vierte, target the weapon."



" … I see."



She understood the intention behind these words.



Immediately after, Shia's shape disappeared.



The moment Dritte realized this, Shia had already appeared behind her. A truly overwhelming speed. If it was only physical ability, she would be surpassing even a Hajime who was on Supreme Break.



However, the apostles would now be aiming to avoid physical contact at all costs, even if barely, after seeing what happened to Funfte.



The moment she saw Shia disappear, she immediately covered her body with her wings and pointed her of large swords overhead.



Her feathers were pulverized in an instant, but they managed to reduce the strength of Shia's blow to some extent, allowing the pair of large swords to stop the blow completely next.



"GuUUUUUUUUU!?"



Even so, Dritte unintentionally leaked an anguished cry at the tremendous shock that resulted. Both of her arms made an unpleasant sound which seemed to reveal they had reached their limit. Then, Vierte used her decomposition ability at its maximum.



The target was not Shia, but the cracks spreading on Vire Doryuken. She estimated that if Shia were to lose her weapon, they would only be up against living flesh, and thus have a chance of winning.



However,



"I predicted that you know?"



The derivation of her native magic Future Sight, Hypothesis Sight. Shia had become suspicious of Dritte and Vierte's discussion. What if I attack Dritte? She glanced into the future at this eventuality with her ability.



Therefore, she was aware of where Vierte would probably be aiming to strike.



Shia's beautiful legs disappeared. Her fine, toned, long legs precisely fixed on Vierte's neck.



Gokin!



Resounded the lively sound of smashing.



Vierte's neck was bent towards the direction of the day after tomorrow. Immediately following, fluently fired in a flash, came the explosion of an elegant, tremendously powerful roundhouse kick, that sent Vierte's body flying with terrific force.



"Ku, that damn monster"



"Please don't go around suddenly praising me."



Dritte fired white-silver bombardment. In terms of distance, it was from point-blank range.



However, as if naturally, it didn't land on Shia. Her shape disappeared instantly, and the next moment, she had snuck upon Dritte's bosom.



Without even having time to take a breath, Dritte received an elbow strike in the pit of the stomach. Gohaa! To this Dritte who was reduced in a sorry state where she was spewing out bloody vomit, a kick that seemed to pierce the sky was raised up. Before the beautiful form that bent 180 degrees top and bottom, Dritte, whose jaws had been pulverized, was sent floating into the air in a hopeless state.



"Explode desu!"



A scream, then an explosion.



While returning her feet, bent overhead, to their original position, Vire Doryuken had already picked up a speed too fast to be visible.



In that moment, it broke the speed of sound, causing an explosion in the air, and the next moment its full swing appeared.



And, Dritte, who received that full swing …



Her shape was no longer anywhere to be seen.



All that were left were red stains on the ground.



There, a war cry resounded.



"HaaaAAA ! ! "



It was Vierte. It seemed she didn't die even with her neck bone pulverized. She created a tidal wave of flames around a magic square using her white-silver wings, went inside, and started approaching Shia.



"Such a thing won't work against the current me!"



Swinging her rabbit ears, she sensed the presence of Vierte inside the large fire, and swung Vire Doryuken with a splendid timing at the place where Vierte was covering herself with fire.



There came jumping in … two shadows.



" ! "



Shia was surprised. She opened her eyes wide at the fact that she, who was excellent at the perception of presences, had been deceived.



By Vierte's presence, the large fire, as well as their whole resulting strategy.



"Be destroyed!"



The large sword that was swung against Vire Doryuken, the moment it hit Vierte, was Erst's.



As if trading Vierte's life for more power, Vierte's limbs were pulverized simultaneously with Vire Doryuken. Inside the flames starting to disperse because of the death of their caster, Erst ran past Shia to face her back. Then, she immediately turned around, and swung her large sword to pierce Shia who had just lost her partner.



Performing a rotation that seemed like a dance, she had taken a striking stance and her large sword was approaching Shia to take her life.



On the opposing side, Shia, who had her back turned to Erst, turned around like a mirror.



Then, for a moment, their gazes met. In this slow-motion space, both of their feelings were conveyed to one another.



(The apostles cannot lose!)



(I will be the one to win!)



The brightness of the large swords swelled up. It was a radiance that showed that even against Steel Clothes, it would be ready to chop off Shia's neck. That was the radiance of a will strong enough to question its emanating from a puppet.



Or maybe it was that at this moment she was betting her pride as an apostle, that she didn't want to lose, and she would carry out the mission of god and them apostles.



But, 'I don't want to lose' and 'I want to win'. There was a gap of strength between those two wills. When they clashed, the one with more pressure was undoubtedly … the latter.



As if to prove this fact, inside the slow-motion space, something started to form in the hand of Shia which should have been empty. Red liquid, as if it were alive, started to converge.



Erst opened her eyes wide in surprise.



That was because … Shia was holding a war hammer made of blood that had gathered from the cut she inflicted on her own arm.



Crimson War Hammer ―― it was a magic that used metamorphosis magic on one's own body, just like Steel Clothes. Something allowing her to freely manipulate her blood.



Leaving the slow-motion space and returning to the original world, the next moment, they both clashed ――



Once more, their backs were turned on each other.



The blood war hammer was falling and scattering blood like cherry blossom.



Pushu! Blood gushed out from the neck of the alert Shia.



Then a voice spoke.



" … I wonder what this thing rising up within me is. This tightening thing that makes me want to scream. Shia Hauria. Do you know what it is?"



" … Isn't it frustration?"



Hearing Shia's answer, Erst nodded 'I see'.



Immediately after, something came falling from the sky and stuck to the ground separating the two of them.



It was the large sword that had been broken halfway.



On closer look at Erst's stance, it wasn't that only Erst's sword had been broken. On her chest, there was a big hole. It was obvious whatever was inside had been pulverized.



Erst finally relaxed her alertness and threw away her broken sword. Then, she looked over her shoulders at Shia who had likewise relaxed, and muttered her last words with an expressionless face.



"I hate you."



Just as Shia said, that was the result of the considerable level of frustration she had been holding in …



Erst only said this, then fell down like a puppet whose strings had been cut.



At this sound, Shia fluttered her rabbit ears and hair, and turned around. Then, she muttered something in turn. Really as if to say that this was the cause of her victory. With a broad grin and fearless smile.



"I hate you 'very' much."



Then, she collapsed.



"Ahh, as expected, Level X takes a heavy tollll. And because I also used Crimson War Hammer, I am getting anemiaa"



While taking out a restorative medicine from Treasure Warehouse II, Shia muttered a monolog and held onto her consciousness that seemed ready to fade at any moment in some way or another.



"Now then, I've dealt with the apostles but … what is happening on Tio-san's side ―― "



Shia redirected her consciousness towards Tio whom she had been separated from while she fought with the platinum apostles. Searching her memory, when they got separated, the armed black dragons were surrounded by countless more monsters, and seemed to be rampaging without losing.



The black and white flashes flying about in the sky were worthy of a space battle between two fleets in a sci-fi movie.



Because the black dragons didn't seem to be losing ground, and that their master, Tio, seemed to be fine, Shia breathed a sigh of relief.



But, the next moment,



OoOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ! ! ! !



Came the violent yells of countless numbers, that gave the sense that the sky was going to fall. And, simultaneously, a large army of monsters made its appearance, making completely light of the previous ratio.



Shia thought this was bad, and that she had to try and stand up, but the adverse effect of Level X was overwhelming, and it didn't look as if she would be able to stand up immediately.



Meanwhile, something else occurred. She wondered if it was the terrific flashes in the sky,



ZuDooOOOON ! !



An earth tremor spread, and something came crashing with terrific force right next to Shia, who was lying on the ground. She was swung back and forth by the oscillations.



Wondering what it was, Shia turned her sight ahead as she revitalized her upper body. There, there was …



"Eh, Tio, san?"



Lying down on the completely smashed-up ground, having wounds all over her body, was the figure of Tio.





Chapter 171




All credit goes to the original author (Chuuni Suki), who has posted the raw data here:



Thanks for your continued support. If you like my writing style, check out my original works at , or just leave a comment.



Bakapervert translated this chapter. Bakapervert did the edits.



____________________________________



Dragon God Manifestation



(TN: The kanji used for dragon here is for the Chinese dragon, not the western dragon.)



Going back in time for a little.



During the time Shia was embroiled in a mortal combat with the platinum apostles, Tio was also in the middle of a fierce fighting.



Tio unified the armed black dragons with the new black dragons which were transformed using the black whip of slavery, with them Tio challenged the abnormally powerful monsters that filled the surrounding to the brim while enduring the aurora breath of the white divine dragon and Freed's variegated chantless-limitless storm of magic, bearing damage that wasn't few in the process.



The number of monsters that were turned into black dragons using the black whip of slavery was already nearly a hundred. The number of the dragons' fighting force had become doubled. In addition, with Tio's regeneration magic 'Boon of the Dragon King', they became an astounding battle force that should be called as the undying black dragon army.



But, even so, the one who was cornered in this fight was Tio.



(…Hm. The 'Fix It J' at mine hand wouldst be used up soon. When it becomes difficult to evade the aurora completely, it will cause mine damage control to be harsh.)



Tio took out a new magic medicine 'Fix It J' to reduce the additional effect of the aurora and then she gulped it down in one go while making a bitter face.



The aurora breath of the Uranus was excessively powerful. It was exactly like the main cannon of a battleship. Even just its aftershock granted the additional effect of obstructing healing magic and worsened the already existing wound to the target, so completely avoiding that attack was next to impossible.



Not only that, the Uranus didn't only have aurora breath as its attack, it was also creating countless aurora bullets that floated in the area where they would then flew around like a strafing Gatling gun.



Furthermore, Freed's all elements magic in full burst and silver feathers, his silver bombardment, and space magic was pressing on Tio like a surging wave, then the gray dragons above that couldn't be handled by the black dragons would also launch a heavy rain of aurora one after another.



Tio who was continuously enduring through that in paper-thin difference could be said as astonishing. But, if the magic medicine 'Fix It J' that Tio only had several bottles remaining was used up, then that situation would also crumble down, she was placed in a brittle equilibrium right now. The moment Tio became unable to nullify the effect of the aurora showering down on her and she couldn't evade, Tio would surely become cornered in one go at that time.



How much her dragon scales were already broken, how much her blood had flowed out…



Even if she used regeneration magic, there was a limit to the amount of her magic power. Not only for regeneration, her magic power was also being consumed in great amount for her breath attack and metamorphosis magic. To put it bluntly, her situation was gradually getting worse.



Freed also understood that, even now when a hundred of his monsters had been stolen by the black whip of slavery, his composed expression didn't crumble.



Tio was aiming to overturn the situation by turning the monsters into black dragon before she became unable to endure anymore, that was what Freed was thinking, so now that he was looking at Tio's situation where it became difficult for her to heal, on top of that the difference in battle strength where his monsters were still five times the number of the black dragon, he became convinced of his victory.



Looking from his slightly distorted lips, perhaps he was already planning to make sport of Tio until she died. Perhaps in his heart, he was already laughing, looking at the fool who was meaninglessly resisting in desperation for a result that was already obvious to see.



While vaguely guessing that thinking in Freed's heart, Tio was flipping over at midair even now to evade the aurora breath, she swung her whip in a world where up and down was reversed to hold back Freed, at the same time she counterattacked at the Uranus with super thin breath attack from the tip of her gun finger that made a gun shape.



While confirming that her attacks were easily repelled by a barrier of space magic and the white divine dragon's claw, Tio grumbled in her heart.



(Muu, I compressed that attack considerably already. That damned white dragon. To flick away mine breath attack entirely like that. Is that the revenge for previously? The subordinate monster is just like the master. It is making a disgusting grin.)



A fierce barrage of attack approached Tio. Light bullets and silver feathers, plus great number of magic.



Tio activated the space ripping magic enchanted in her whip and tore apart several of those attacks with the meandering movement of the whip that looked like a snake, she weaved through the gap that was created in the barrage and passed through. But, as expected she was unable to perfectly evade, the attack that impacted the edge of her body shaved off her dragon scales.



And then, an aurora breath attacked Tio at that timing. *GOU-!* It blew away the atmosphere while approaching Tio, annihilating a part of Tio's right shoulder and one of the dragon wings growing on her back.



"Kuuuuu-, that's effectiveee"



While leaking out voice unconsciously from the pain that she already didn't remember how many times it had been, Tio used a certain power and immediately used regeneration magic to regenerate her dragon wing before she rebuilt her posture from her midair tailspin.



However, what was regenerated was only her dragon wing while her shoulder blade was still bleeding mostly unhealed. Wondering whether Tio's regeneration magic had finally become unusable, Freed's faint grin became even deeper.



In contrast, Tio was sighing while pondering in her mind.



(Good grief, if Goshujin-sama is the one who did this to me then I would hath reached one or two climaxes already. Even without the side effect from the ability's activation, that kind of attack only granted me pain, and above all, it feels disgusting.)



Surely even Freed who was planning to torment Tio until death would be troubled without end if that only made Tio happy instead. No, before that he would undoubtedly draw away in revulsion.



(The black dragons art increasing favorably. At this rate it wouldst be possible to overturn the difference in battle force. …However, in the end, will it progress that well…. Above all, to head to Goshujin-sama's location with mine own strength and then face against the god…as expected, I hath to prepare that ahead then. In that case, I will need some time…)



Tio who squeezed out a conclusion from wracking her brain repeated attacking and evading the attacks while lamenting the inconvenience of her own trump card. Then she suddenly talked to Freed also with the intention of buying time.



"Which reminds me, thou. What happened with thy brethrens? They should have crossed into the Holy Precincts along with thou shouldn't they?"



Tio who suddenly chatted lightly at him despite her cornered situation made Freed retracted his grin and he narrowed his eyes suspiciously.



Tio made a wry smile at such Freed.



"What's wrong, as thou can see, I can possibly increase my battle force for more than this. At this rate, it seems I can somehow manage this somehow don't thou think? So I am just making a little probe here."



Freed nodded once while grumbling "Fumu" toward Tio who was transparently conveying her true motive.



And then, looking at Tio who was harboring hope that she could possibly overturn the difference in battle force at this rate if the devil race didn't participate in the fight, Freed was making a pitying expression while opening his mouth.



"Let me say that it is a needless worry if you are feeling apprehension about the possibility of participation of my brethrens. All members of the devil race are sleeping at another domain. After all they need to have the strength that is worthy as the vanguard of the god residing in their body before we arrived in the new world."



"I see now. However, this made me wondering though. Why art thou following someone like that Ehitorujue? That guy incited war from the human race side. Because of that there were a lot of devil race people who died isn't that correct? Dost thou not have any ill feeling for that?"



While getting hit by a light bullet once more that caused her dragon scales and blood to be scattered, even so Tio repeated her question calmly.



Freed kept the intensity of his attack without any slackening and returned a sentence.



"Everything is according to god's will."



As though it was only obvious, as if that was the truth, Freed said that without any hesitation or sadness on his expression.



Tornado was generated from the four pair of wings of the Uranus which crumbled the balance of Tio. The aurora breath that was fired at her at that timing burned half of Tio's body. The damage surpassed the reduction effect of 'Fix It J' toward the secondary ability of the aurora. Because of that Tio grimaced due to the additional effect that was invading her body while she drained up a new 'Fix It J' and used her regeneration magic.



However, she was unable to heal herself completely, her constricted waist and burned skin that were exposed from her torn clothes stayed unhealed. Her sleeve was also stayed torn up from her shoulder blade and her white graceful arm swelled bright red.



Cold sweat was perspiring from her skin as though to express her pain, even so Tio repeated her question.



"Even so won't thy comrade become unable to rest in peace? If Ehitorujue didn't summon people of another world here, the Goshujin-sama also wouldn't arrive here. In that case thou wouldn't lose several thousand of thy brethrens like in that day. If the people who hath departed, see thou right now…what art they going to think I wonder?"



Hearing those words that sounded like provocation, or even possibly scorn, Freed suddenly stopped his attack. Not only Freed, the attacks from other monsters including Uranus also stopped coming.



Inside the silence that suddenly visited, a severe earthquake thundered from far away. It was surely the sound of Shia rampaging. But, Freed and also Tio didn't move their gaze there.



Did some kind of change of heart happen in him? Was rage welling up in his heart, or else he wanted to defeat Tio's impudent argument? Tio didn't understand what was going on in actuality, but for the time being this situation was something that she would greatly celebrate for. After all for the time being Tio had the need to receive nonlethal pain from the enemy for a while.



"The likes of you, don't you dare to talk impertinently about our matter."



"Even if I'm not being impertinent, but I could not find even a single factor in Ehitorujue's way of doing thing that I can possibly give my approval forth."



"But, your premise is mistaken. There is no right and wrong in what the god is doing. The intention of the lord is exactly the true path. Therefore, all of my brethrens whose life were scattered, they are all martyr. There is no way they would regret it or anything, surely they will also take pride in what I'm doing."



Tio sent an exasperated gaze at Freed hearing those words.



"The true path, is it. In the end, thou art merely stop thinking for thyself. That's a blind faith. To put it in another way thou hath been brainwashed. Since the first place thou were already a religious fanatic, but even so I could see thy pride as a devil race and thy affection toward thy brethrens. But right now thy art completely a controlled puppet."



"That's what I called as an impertinence."



Freed cut off their talk for once, then he sent a pitying gaze at Tio before started talking once more.



"The many wars, the many hardships, all of those were the trials that god handed down to us. That great person was searching, for existence that is worthy to walk together with him. And then, the one who overcame those trials and got recognized by that great person is only our race, that's all there is to it. The me who was unable to grasp that divine will and instead insulted that great person as a pagan god, that foolishness makes me want to vomit right now. However, that great person forgive this foolish me, and not only he welcomed me in, he even granted me the qualification to be the retainer of god. This depth of god's mercy…why, are you unable to understand it?"



Freed who began to get into a trance while talking caused Tio to groan "oou" in repulsion inside her heart. Freed talking like this was also because of her provocation, but he was even more unsightly to see than she expected.



And then, the content of his talk also felt in perfect form in a certain meaning. There were truly a lot of places that were fully loaded with double standards she could throw retort at. After listening this far, perhaps it could even be said that it felt refreshing instead.



"Just like thou said, in the first place it has become like this because I am someone impertinent. Leaving that aside, 'qualification to become retainer' thou said? Doest that referred to that transformation to an apostle?"



"Correct. First my lord had elevated me to an apostle's rank. And then, eventually I will climb to the rank as retainer god, similar like Aruvheit-sama. It's truly something awe-inspiring, but now that Aruvheit-sama has died, I am serving as my lord's immediate follower. In that case, my race will become the follower of me who is the follower of god. That is to say they will become the people chosen by the true god――a divine race."



Perhaps feeling the extraordinarily great honor that he received, or else, perhaps he was imagining how his own race would rule over the people at the new land as the race of god, whatever the reason Freed's expression was turning into something that might be prohibited to be broadcasted to public while he kept talking even to the topic that he wasn't asked for.



But, at that time, space undulated as though to obstruct the talk of Freed. No, it was a generation of immense power to the degree that it made them thought that space was undulating.



When they spontaneously directed their gaze at the direction of the power, there a faint blue magic power was pulsing like heartbeat while winding up. And then, several of the platinum apostles leaped forward yet they then got blown away instead, they could see such spectacle at the far away.



"Impossible…the apostles are being pushed back? Absurd-. The first until the fifth apostles had been strengthened by my lord's power to a great degree already-!"



Freed's expression changed from a look of ecstasy into a look of shock as though he had been showered with ice water.



That was just how hard it was to believe seeing the scene of someone who regardless of battling five platinum apostles at the same time, far from matching the apostles, this person was even gradually beginning to overpower them.



But, for Tio who believed in Shia from the start, she replied back with an extremely composed tone.



"What art thou feeling surprised for. Among all of us, with the exception of Goshujin-sama, the one who is the most monstrous is Shia just so thou know. That person is without any foundation like being a vampire, dragon race, or apostle's body, even if we look back at her ancestor, she is only a demi-human which mean she also doesn't hath talent in magic. To say further, something like a rabbit race is a race that is the most cowardly in the world. That maiden overturns all that with just her feeling. The likes of the soldiers of the self-proclaimed god who hath no ability other than soaking in joy from belittling other people at best, there art no way they would be able to rival her with just some strengthening don't thou think?"



Tio talked as though it was the truth of this world.



Freed could only leak out a murmur of "…impossible" to Tio's words.



And then, he shook his head as though to shake off something, and then he glared at Tio with a gaze that contained coldness.



"I have to go to support the apostles. Tormenting you to death end right now. You can quickly meet your end."



"Don't say that. The main event will be from here on just so thou know."



"Nonsense. Your scheme won't result in anything. The difference in battle force is impossible to overturn. You are already wounded all over. Further, just I and Uranus are enough to be your opponent."



Freed quietly raised his hand. It was as though he was saying that if that hand got swung down then the scythe of the god of death would be swung down on Tio's neck. Answering its master's will, the white divine dragon roared and its eyes glinted with killing intent.



The fact was that there was five times difference in their battle force. There were still a thousand of Freed's monsters remaining against the two hundred black dragons.



But,



"I don't remember saying these art all of my black dragons though?"



Tio smiled fearlessly.



And then, she resounded the command to revolt simultaneously.



"Awaken! Reborn! O children of dragon king――'Dragon King's Corpse Life Army'!"



Immediately the land squirmed.



No, more accurately the monsters who fell on the ground from the mortal combat unfolding at the sky――that great number of husks were moving like sludge.



At the ground right below where nearly a thousand monsters were lying down, their husks were dyed reddish black and the scenery became a painting from hell. There the first cry of newly born life rose, the husks' shape was gradually firming up, and then the long necks there that were rising up looked like the lid of hell that was sliding open.



One body, and then one more body, those things that were born from the heaps of bodies and streams of blood unfolded open their wings vigorously and flapped, those large bodies were floating up in order to hasten to join at their king's location.



"What, is that…"



Freed's movement spontaneously stopped, his eyes narrowed while looking down at below while he whispered. Tio then answered that whisper.



"What is necessary for black dragon transformation is not only this black whip of slavery. How much dragon scale and blood doth thou think I hath scattered in this battlefield?"



"What? Don't tell me, you used a part of yourself as the medium?"



"Fufufu, now, this is the celebration of thy birth! Raise the grand roar fitting for a dragon!"



"――"



It was Tio's――the dragon king's command.



The black dragons who were just born, and the black dragons who were dancing in the sky simultaneously answered that command. Breath attacks in black color of Tio's magic power light were fired in countless number.



Skewering flashes pierced the sky from the ground. Flashes were rushing horizontally from back and front, left and right. The black flashes that were fired almost at the same time formed a cage of heat ray that put the monsters of Freed at the center with no place to escape.



The shriek of death agony rained down from the sky.



Soul and metamorphosis composite magic 'Dragon King's Corpse Life Army'――this magic was using Tio's own blood and scale as the medium, where the soul magic Dragon Soul Reproduction and metamorphosis magic Sixth Heaven's Demon Transformation were applied on the monsters' corpse to create black dragons.



By offering flesh and blood, making use of corpse, it created a new army――in addition, the created dragons were all black dragon with an evil and atrocious appearance that could be mistaken as an evil dragon. It could be said as a worthy deed for a woman who looked up at a man who was titled as demon king that she called as goshujin-sama…perhaps.



Normally someone who listened to detail of this magic would feel one or two repugnances, but Hajime who listened to the report about this magic instead said "To be able to make use of the killed opponent, that's really ecological. What a convenient magic huh" and looked a little envious. As expected from the man who was called as demon king or demon god. And then, Tio who blushed and fidgeted around shyly but happily after getting praised like that could also be said as having enough quality to be a female general of the demon king.



"How's that? Thy monsters hath been reduced considerably with this don't thou see?"



The corpse life army that was created was roughly consisting of four hundred dragons. Combined with the armed black dragons and monsters that were turned into black dragons using the black whip of slavery, then the total number of the army could reach six hundred dragons.



And then, with the simultaneous breath attacks just now, the monsters of Freed that got slain were roughly three hundred monsters. If added with the numbers of monsters who got heavily injured and became unable to fight satisfactorily then the number of the victim would jump to five hundred. The remaining monsters in good health and all their limbs intact were more or less five hundred.



In other words, the condition had been overturned.



Although Tio's appearance was wounded all over, but her figure who was standing imposingly in midair with black dragons obeying her in the background was truly worthy to be called a dragon king.



As for Freed, he took a slow glare at the battlefield, and then he suddenly lifted the corner of his lips.



It was as though he was looking at the struggle of a bug that had all of its wings already plucked out, as if he was laughing mockingly at a person who ran desperately at non-existence hope, that smile was awfully warped, expressing his ugly emotion.



Freed's mouth opened. His eyes were muddy like dark sludge in his expectation to trample the other party's hope. And then with a voice that was filled to the brim with scorn and ecstasy,



"I don't remember saying these are all of my monsters though?"



Right after that, a pillar of light rose up from the obelisk.



Furthermore, it didn't seem to come only from the obelisk in front of Tio's eyes, the same white light was also rising to the sky one after another from the islands other than the floating islands where Tio and Freed were at. That implied that there were the same obelisks at the surrounding floating islands, this scene was enough to stir up unpleasant premonition in Tio's heart.



"…Hmmm. As expected, it won't go well that easily. If I hath to say in Goshujin-sama's style, then this must be a 'template'." (TN: I guess what she mean by template here is something like cliché or trope I guess.)



Tio was reflexively making a bitter look while whispering that, while at her field of vision the worst situation was coming into view.



OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!



It was a fierce war cry that made the whole space rumbled.



Above and below, back and front, left and right, like a wriggling wall, everywhere she looked at there were monsters, monsters, monsters, a swarm of monsters.



Not only at the floating island where she was at right now, all the islands floating at the surrounding were also wholly covered with swarms of monsters.



Just how many their number could possibly be? Several thousand, several tens of thousands, the monsters' number wasn't at that level anymore. Even hundreds of thousands weren’t enough at all to express their total number. Most likely the monsters here were in the millions.



"Although they are a level inferior compared to the previous monsters, I think their number has compensated for that for more than enough, don't you think so? Now then, Tio Claus, the sport is now over. Prepare to be trampled down."



Right after that, Freed swung down his arm.



That was the signal for the trampling.



The monsters in a great amount of numbers simultaneously rushed at the black dragons.



(-, no matter what this number art just too many. As for Shia…looked like she is victorious, but as expected she cannot immediately move. If she is attacked right now she wouldn't last even for a bit. Thinking about the future, I wish the time could pass a little bit more yet…it can't be helped! A woman is all about guts!)



Although the armed dragons were somehow fighting hard, yet the black dragons other than them were in the middle of raising scream of death agony right now. Tio made her decision.



Until this point of time, she was thinking about after this battle, she was taking safety margin as much as possible while continuing to save her power so she would be able to support Hajime later with the greatest strength possible that she could muster but…now she flung off that thinking to the wind.



This method was a dangerous method where she could possibly die instantly is she mistook even a step.



However, she could only do that in order to activate it instantly! For the sake of her friend, and then, for the sake of her beloved master, she didn't hesitate!



"Cooome on, o white dragon! That indomitable that still hath not hit me properly, now I'll receive it head on without evading, so put thy spirit and fire it at me!"



While saying that provocative sentence, Tio swung around her whip like a tornado around her and cut apart the swarming monsters while her other hand was firing her compressed breath attack.



The black compressed breath that was specialized for piercing became a streak of light and pierced the monsters on its line of fire and arrived at its target the white divine dragon.



Uranus seemed to hear Tio's provocation, it dispersed the approaching breath merely with its roar while its eyes were sparkling with killing intent as though to say "Then take this if you can", it then fired an extra-large aurora.



*DOU!* A bombardment that looked like the main cannon of a space battleship firing that came out in science fiction movie approached in a straight line at Tio while turning the allied monsters into dust just from its aftershock.



Tio drained up in one breath the 'Cheatmate Dr' that she wasted no time to take out, she then threw away the container while performing partial dragonification.



Both her arms swelled up and turned into dragon arms covered in dragon scale and sharp claws elongating out. Furthermore, her whole body became covered with jet black dragon scales leaving no spot exposed, she crossed her arms and took a defensive posture to protect her vital spots.



Freed saw her doing that and guessed that Tio was seriously not going to evade to receive the attack. He made a sneer thinking that she had resigned herself already. That was only natural he guessed. There was no way she could come out safely after getting hit by the aurora. He could see no merit in doing that, that was why it was only natural for him to think that she was now accepting her death graciously.



But, just before the aurora hit, he saw the powerful and resolute gaze of Tio that was visible from the gap between her crossed arms, and he got caught in a violently bad premonition.



He was about to call at Uranus to stop the dragon's attack unconsciously, but the aurora had already got fired by then. It was impossible for him to make it in time, and right then,



*ZUDOOOOOOOO-!!*



Tio's figure was swallowed into the aurora along with a thunderous sound and she vanished from sight.



A track of light divided the sky horizontally.



Inside that light of devastation,



"――—!!!"



Tio desperately endured while raising a wordless scream.



The prided dragon scales that dragon race boasted as the hardest were annihilated in succession. While feeling aware of the unpleasant sensation running through both her blocking arms, an abnormal storm of agony that assaulted her whole body made her gritted her teeth with a force that might break her teeth.



It was an intense pain that might make her mad.



Tio understood that her body was being annihilated from the edge. She hallucinated the shadow of death slithering up on her body. This wasn't like the sweet pain that Hajime granted her, not even for a bit. She was undoubtedly able to listen to the scream that was raised by her dying body.



The damage that had already far surpassed the scope that could be described made her consciousness almost got blown away to the beyond. While she was barely taking hold of her consciousness, Tio endured it through to the end with her spirit, and then…



(…I can do this-)



Conviction.



At the same time, she took out the variable large shield Aedeon from 'Treasure Warehouse II' in front of her eyes, it blocked the aurora just for an instant. The white breath of devastation was easily annihilating the shield that was just a pile of metallic mass without any 'Vajra' or 'Transmutation' or even magic power for regeneration poured into it, but even so the quality shield of Hajime's made definitely protected Tio's body from ruin during a few seconds.



Just that much was more than enough. With a flap, Tio leaped out from the torrent of aurora. And then, she was falling to the ground while white smoke was rising from her body and she impacted on the ground with a thunderous sound.



The ground was gouged from the impact and dust cloud rose up grandly.



"Eh, Tio, san?"
