Freed who started feeling an intense bad premonition, immediately shot an aurora at Hajime. However, Hajime’s Donner kept them in check, as a result, he was able to activate the device.



—-Light of condemnation poured down from the sky.



The pillar of light was the representative which connected the sky and the ground. Whatever it touched, no matter the race, sex, nor social class, everything was mercilessly destroyed and erased. Burning up the atmosphere and tearing through the darkness, as if it was the daylight, the sun’s rays, the targets were mowed down.



Kyuwaa~aaaaaaa!!



The pillar of light as if investigating, let out a roar as it struck down onto the earth, the diameter was around 50 meters. Demons, Majinzokus, and living organisms alike were all evaporated under the light without exception, the shockwave and heatwaves were intensely scattering destruction on it’s surroundings.



When Hajime poured magical power into the induction stone in his hand, the pillar of light moved through and mowed down all the demons and Majinzoku that were fleeing away on foot. Defending was useless. Evading was useless. That is unless you could travel through space like Freed, it would be impossible for organisms which ran on foot to get away. The demons and Majinzoku who were trying to invade at the outer wall saw the pillar of light approaching and they all began to panic, they desperately tried to advance onwards into the Kingdom madly.



The pillar of light zigzagged along and trampled the huge army, everything up until the outer walls were eradicated and disappeared into the void.



All that was left was the smoke which rose from where the Earth was scorched and an enormous crater. As well as deep scars which were carved into the Earth. The Majinzoku who managed to just barely make it on time into the Kingdom(. . . .) weren’t relieved, just, sitting down with their comrades in surprise that their army had completely vanished in an instant.



With that, Freed and Eri who were in front of him, Shizuku and everyone else as well, their thinking stopped and were just spacing out in utter amazement.



[The foolish one is you, you big fool. When exactly did I say that I was allied with the Kingdom and these guys here? Don’t just selfishly categorize me with them. If you want a war, then go right ahead. However, if you get in my way just like now, I’ll erase everything. Ma~a, I’m not free enough to waste my time on 1 million opponents though, this time around I’ll let you off so hurry up with the remaining people and get lost. You’re the commander of the army right?]



It was hard to object after his comrades were obliterated in an instant, Freed’s eyes were dyed in rage and hatred. However, even if he created a gate and allowed his huge army to come through, he had no information on the pillar of light which Hajime shot, it would only cause to making the same mistakes once again. That alone must be avoided at all costs.



Although it was vexing for Hajime as well to let them get away, right now it was necessary to treat Kaori as soon as possible. If time goes on, they’ll lose the upper hand. Much like, doing something for the first time, he was completely winging it. Furthermore, the blow from the previous light was actually a weapon in its prototype stage, after that one shot it had already broken. Without the annihilation weapon, he’d have no time to deal with a million demons. It would be a bad idea to kill Freed who was the commander of the army.



Freed who doesn’t know of that, bit down onto his lips and clenched his fists so hard with rage that it started bleeding, he was thinking that he could no longer continue sacrificing his people, and while opening up a gate, he replied back full of grudge.



[……I’ll definitely repay this debt…..only you, in my God’s name, I will definitely destroy you!]



As Freed was turning back, he glanced at Eri to urge her to get onto the white dragon. Eri looked at Kouki who was surviving due to his strong status and smiled at him with a smile filled with obsessiveness and insanity. Even without words you’d know, it was the look that was filled with will of obtaining Kouki no matter what.



At the same time that Freed and Eri who were on the white dragon passed through the gate, 3 bursts of magic bullets lit up and roared through the sky. It was probably a retreat signal. At the same time, Yue and Shia came down from the sky with great force.



[……N, Hajime. Where’s that ugly man?]



[Hajime-san. Where’s that scoundrel?]



It appears that both of them came chasing after Freed to beat him. They probably already knew that the pillar of light was due to Hajime so they didn’t ask.



However, right now they don’t have the time to deal with those simple matters. Hajime told Yue and Shia about Kaori’s death. Both of them opened their eyes up in surprise. However, after looking at Hajime’s eyes which contained spirit, they immediately recovered.



And then Hajime asked for Yue’s help with his eyes. Yue accurately understood what she needed to do and with few powerful words, […..N, leave it to me], she nodded.



They turned around and rushed towards Teio. Then Hajime held onto Kaori in a princess carry position and intended to leave the plaza straight away. However just then, Shizuku called out to Hajime while staggering with a desperate expression.



[Nagumo-kun! Kaori is, about Kaori…….what should…..I…..]



Shizuku seemed to have been exhausted to a state which was never seen before, with such a grievous expression, if left alone she may suffer from mental illnesses. During battle her tensed heart was able to support her, however now that that’s gone, she’s probably being tormented by the pain of her best friends death.



Hajime entrusted Kaori to Shia and told her to go ahead with Teio. Yue and them who sympathized with Shizuku’s expression left the plaza while being guided by Teio.



His classmates were still in a state of being unable to move, Hajime went and dropped to a knee before Shizuku who was sitting like a girl with her head dropped. And with both hands sandwiching Shizuku’s cheeks, he forced her to look up until their sights aligned.



[Yaegashi, don’t break. Believe in us and wait. I’ll let you two meet again without fail]



[Nagumo-kun…..]



Shizuku’s eyes which had lost it’s light, only a bit but, power had returned. Then and there Hajime laughed while saying things which sounded like a joke.



[If Yaegashi becomes like this, who’ll take care of all the troublesome things in the future? What’ll happen if Kaori saw a broken Yaegashi……please give me a break? I’m not a problem loving human like Yaegashi]



[…..Who’s the problem loving human, baka. ……Believing that…..is fine right?]



Hajime smiled with an earnest expression and nodded firmly.



Up close, Shizuku was staring into Hajime’s shining eyes and she understood that he was serious. He was seriously trying to do something about Kaori who should already be dead. Within those strong willed eyes, Shizuku felt that her frozen heart melted a bit.



The light within Shizuku’s eyes further increased. And just like Hajime did, she nodded powerfully. Then the will to believe in Hajime and them appeared from within.



After confirming that Shizuku’s risk of breaking down mentally has lowered drastically, Hajime removed a test tube container out of the “Treasure Warehouse” and placed it in Shizuku’s hands.



[This is….]



[Let the other childhood friend drink it. He’s in quite the bad shape]



After Hajime’s words, Shizuku glanced towards Kouki who was laying on the ground. Kouki had already lost consciousness, he was visibly weakened. She recalled that the holy water which Hajime handed her was once used to immediately heal meld who was about to die, and presumed that it was the most effective medicine out of all other medicine. As for Hajime, he’d be troubled if Shizuku broke down if Kouki dies even after he said all that he did to her….after looking at Shizuku’s expression it appears that she was more thankful than expected.



When Shizuku tightly grasped the container of holy water, she looked at Hajime with moistened eyes and said words of thanks, [……Thank you, Nagumo-kun]. As soon as Hajime received those words of thanks he immediately turned around. Then he started chasing after Yue and them like the wind.





Chapter 107




After Hajime left the plaza, Shizuku made Kouki drink the holy water and he recovered in no time.



The puppet soldiers that Eri had, numbered up to 500 people and out of that It seems that 300 were turned into minced meat at the plaza by Hajime. Most likely the missing soldiers went with Freed through the gate into Majinzoku territory.



Although it was later found out in investigations that magic formations were created from huge magic stones which were buried in the earth on the outskirts of the Kingdom, that appears to have been the secret to Freed being able to transfer his military.



Also, it appears that the King and other influential leaders were all killed by Eri’s puppet soldiers, currently, the seat of King within the Hairihi Kingdom was open. Until the confusion subsides, Ririana and the safe queen, Ruruaria, will be taking the lead in the Kingdom’s reconstruction. Most likely, once they’ve settled down, prince Randell who was also safe, will be ascending to the throne.



The number one cause of confusion was that there was no communication with the church.



Even though the Kingdom has turned into such an amazing state, widespread uneasiness and distrust was spreading throughout the followers as the church didn’t appear during or after the war at all. The truth was, everyone related to the church were already blown to smithereens by the explosion at the head temple! If the citizens heard about that, what would they think? A boy with white hair somewhere held slight interest in that question.



Also, the pillar of light which annihilated the Majinzoku’s large army was, “Ehitto-sama’s” light of condemnation which was released in order to save the Kingdom! is what the rumors that have been circulating says, it was an incredibly painful story that their faith was further strengthened. Hajime was wondering if he should spread rumors that it was due to the “Goddess of Fertility” once again, however, if Aiko heard of that she’d likely suffer to no end in her mind.



People began to wonder of the reason why the church wasn’t coming down from [Kamiyama], and naturally, they wanted to climb up to find out. However, there was far too much to be done for the reconstruction of the Kingdom, so there wasn’t anyone to go up 8,000 meters above ground. By the way, because Hajime and them stopped the lift, the only way to reach the head temple was by scaling up the mountain.



Also, Hiyama’s remains were found a little distance away from the plaza. His body was consumed and messed up here and there, after being completely beaten up by Hajime and blown out of the plaza, sure enough, he was attacked by demons.



It was thought that he was still alive when he got consumed because it appears that there were traces of intense resistance. In particular, his left arm was completely missing, judging from the traces of blood, with his left arm consumed first, he ran desperately for his life and then the side of his body was then eaten which caused him to die. If you tried to imagine it, it was likely one of the worst ways to die.



With that, a variety of things turned up and 5 days have passed since the betrayal and death of their friends from the Majinzoku’s invasion.



Its needless to say anything about Suzu who was on good terms with Eri, but the classmates who were caught up in her obsession and insanity suffered deep mental wounds. After Hiyama and Kondo’s deaths, Nakano and Saito who was always together with them became hikikomori’s.*Google if you don’t know the term*



Along with those who sustained deep mental wounds, Kouki and them were asked by Ririana and them to lend their powers in reconstructing the Kingdom in order to recuperate and recover, since that day Hajime and them had not shown up so they were frequently looking back at that.



All members of the front lines and Ai-chan bodyguards should have known of Hajime’s powers but they still didn’t know of the overwhelming power of the pillar of light which annihilated the large army, once again, they were forced to feel their difference in power.



Because Kouki and them knew of that, they took on less shock than the stay-behind group. Although they heard of Hajime’s power from the returning members, they now knew that they had only understood 1/10,000 of Hajime’s true terrifyingness. Anyone and everyone could do nothing but be concerned about Hajime, his comrades, and Kaori who he took with him.



And the remarkable one was Shizuku. Although she’s doing exactly what needs to be done, once in a while she’ll stare off into the distance with eyes that seem to be looking for something in her heart. It was clear to everyone that she was thinking of Kaori, the classmates who witnessed Kaori’s death were unsure of what to say about it



From the talk that Hajime had with Shizuku, it seemed to have been something about Kaori coming back but, they were skeptical as the task of reviving a dead person was likely impossible and because of that they weren’t able to comfort themselves.



They suspected that it was probably something just like how Eri did, she’ll be brought back as a doll, in that case, it was easy to imagine that Shizuku would become further damaged because of that, especially Kouki who had always cautioned himself as he watched Hajime and them.



Kouki himself was extremely down that he was unable to do anything once again and saved twice by Hajime, the fact that Kaori left him for Hajime (Kouki recognized it within himself) was also added in, he wasn’t able to hold any good feelings for Hajime.



It was, the so-called “Jealousy”, however Kouki himself was not aware of it. It wouldn’t be easy for him to admit it even if he had noticed it. If he recognised it, whether he moves forwards or looks away out of convenience……depends all on himself.



Both Kouki and Shizuku couldn’t be said to have been in bright states, because Ryutaro is a muscle-for-brains he’s not reliable, and all classmates were depressed in general.



At times like these, it would usually be Suzu’s time to show her abilities as a mood-maker and brighten things up but, without a question the actual person is in low tensions, the smiles that shes shown occasionally were painful. It seems to be majorly due to what Eri had said to her. It’s understandable. Throughout many years, the person who was thought to have been her best friend had only thought of her on the level of being a convenient tool.



Even still, the entire class hasn’t completely fallen, the only person moving in order to reconstruct the Kingdom single-mindedly was probably only Aiko.



Aiko was also worried about Kaori, if she could, she’d do anything but, when weighed against what Hajime and them were trying to do, with Yue and Teio there she understood that she had no turn. That’s why she couldn’t neglect the students who remained damaged on the ground and decided to stay.



Because Aiko firmly had 1 on 1 communications with her students and encourage all of her students to work to their potentials, they were able to move on now.



By the way, Aiko had obviously known what had happened to the Church, although she knows more about it than anyone else, she stubbornly sealed her lips.



That was in order to not obstruct Hajime and them, and at the same time, every time she remembers what she had done, her mouth becomes heavier. Even if it was an unexpected result, her resolution to go through with it was true. That’s why, when Hajime and them came back, she planned on telling Ririana and them the truth……police officer, it’s me.



Although Aiko seemed to be behaving brightly, on the inside, she was trembling in fear. She herself aided Teio in the obliteration of the church, if the students had known that she was involved in the blast which killed Ishstar and them and the Knights then, what exactly would they think of her?



She fought because she was resolute to not allow her students to become toys of war any longer, although she doesn’t regret about that matter, a murderer is a murderer. She was surely already prepared that her students would no longer call her sensei.



It should be noted that David and them, the Aiko bodyguard temple knights, were still alive and well. That was because after Aiko had disappeared, they protested to the upper brass, “Let us meet her!”, many times, and after that was confirmed to never be fulfilled they decided to search for themselves, the upper brass who were fed up decided to lowered them onto ground level and restricted them from going into the head temple. And that’s how they managed to barely escape from death at the head temple at the time. Currently they’re listening to Aiko’s words and working hard to help out with this and that for the reconstruction.



With those kinds of feelings, Aiko and the students are respectively holding their own weight in their minds and helping out with Ririana today to reconstruct the Kingdom.



Today’s agenda was to reform the Kingdom’s knights and employ commanders to each squad at the drilling ground. By the way, the new knight leader’s name was Kuzeri Rail. It was a female knight and formerly Ririana’s imperial guardsmen. The vice-commander’s name was Neat Komorudo. He was the previous commander of the 3rd knight unit.



[Thanks for the hard work. Kouki-san]



During the mock battle screening test, Kouki had been working as a partner for the knights so he was wiping his sweat at the edge of the drilling grounds and those words of appreciation ranged out. When Kouki turned his line of sight towards it, Ririana was coming over with a smile.



[No, this isn’t much of a big deal. …..As for yourself Riri, you’ve barely gotten any sleep recently huh? Really, thanks for the hard work]



When Kouki showed a wry smile in return, Ririana also showed a wry smile. Both of them hardly had any time to sleep over the past few days. To begin with, the reason why their sleeping time was cut down was due to completely different reasons.



[That’s because right now is not the time to be sleeping. …..Casualties, dealing with the loss of beloved people, disposing buildings which collapsed, confirming missing people, repairing the great barrier and the outer wall, reports and communication with each district, deploying soldiers to investigate the surroundings, reorganizing…..this is serious, they’re all things that need to be done. Even if I whine about it, there’s no other way. Mother has also shared the burden, so I can still go on. …….The people who are truly suffering are those who lost important people and their property…….]



[If you’re saying that then, even you’ve…..]



From what Ririana had said, Kouki tried to point out that even she’s lost the King which was her father but, even if he said it, nothing would change, so he shut his mouth. Riri sympathized with Kouki’s feelings and said, [I’m fine], with a smile once again, then changed the topic.



[How’s Shizuku holding out?]



[……She hasn’t changed. Usually its the same usual Shizuku but, without noticing it she looks up above for a long time]



As Kouki was saying so, he glanced towards Shizuku who was talking with Kuzeri at the center of the drilling grounds.



The two were probably friends through Ririana, they seemed to be discussing something rather intimately. However, the conversation was suddenly interrupted, and naturally her eyes glanced upwards, in other words, you could tell she was looking towards the top vicinity of [Kamiyama].



[She’s…..waiting for them huh]



[That’s right. …..Being honest, the thing that Nagumo said is too…untrustworthy…although I’d like for Shizuku and them to meet…*I think? this lines one of those lines where I get confused as to what they’re really saying, ?????????????????????*]



Ririana had a slightly surprised expression as she turned her glance from Shizuku to Kouki. Kouki’s expression had a complicated color, it was clear that what he said was not according to what he thought. Jealousy, suspicion, fear, pride, gratitude, antipathy, various feelings were mixed in impatiently, his expression was difficult to express.



Ririana couldn’t find the right words to say to Kouki, she looked up towards the top of [Kamiyama] where Hajime and them should be.



The sky was clear, it’s as if the crisis of extinction from a few days ago never happened. That sky looked as if it was in a happy-go-lucky mood, Ririana held slightly bitter feelings towards it and continued looking up at the sky.



Then at that time, she began to see a few black dots in the sky. With a doubtful look Ririana narrowed her eyes and she noticed that those black dots were gradually growing bigger, she noticed that something was falling down and panickingly she called out to Kouki by her side.



[Ko, Kouki-san! There! Isn’t something falling down!]



[Eh? What are you suddenly….~, everyone! Watch out! Something’s coming from above!]



Ririana’s attitude surprised Kouki but, as he looked up in the sky, he confirmed that something was definitely falling down, [Get down, it’s an enemy attack!], he warned out loudly with an impatient expression.



Shizuku and them were panicking and quickly evacuated the drilling grounds and went beside Kouki and them, simultaneously something landed onto the drilling grounds.



Zudo~oon!!



The earth trembled when whatever was falling crashed, as the dust clouds danced about, what appeared from it was……Hajime, Yue, Shia, and with Teio it was 4 people.



[Nagumo-kun!]



The first one to take off was Shizuku. Exactly like Hajime said, she believed in them and waited. Having excess momentum was unavoidable. However, within Hajime and them, Kaori’s appearance was no where to be seen, her expression gradually became uneasy and darkened.



[Yo~o, Yaegashi. Are you living properly]



[Nagumo-kun…..where’s Kaori? Why is Kaori not here?]



Shizuku relaxed somewhat after Hajime’s joke, however it was the truth that Kaori was not in front of her, as expected, it must have been too hard to overturn Kaori’s death, she was already unable to hide her uneasiness and asked in a trembling voice.



On the other hand, Hajime had an indescribably vague expression.



[Ah~, she’ll be here soon? It’s just that…….her appearance may have changed a tiny~ bit…..because of that see, it’ll be troubling if you placed the blame on me, un, it’s not my fault so don’t get mad?]



[Eh? Wait a bit. What? What is? It makes me extremely uneasy though? What do you mean? What did you do to Kaori? Depending on the circumstance, with the black katana that you gave me…….]



Towards Hajime’s words which only further fanned the flames of uneasiness, Shizuku’s highlight in her eyes disappeared and she slowly began to extend her black katana on her waist. [Dudu], Hajime was suppressing Shizuku, suddenly, they began to hear a scream from the sky.



[Kyaaaa!! Hajime-k~un! Catch me~!!]



When Shizuku and them were wondering what it was and looked up, they saw something with a silver shadow falling down at blistering speeds.



With Shizuku’s excellent kinetic vision, she saw a woman with silver hair and blue eyes who had the beauty that could compete with a beautiful work of art that a historically named artist produced, and against her cool appearance, she was falling down while awkwardly flinging her arms and legs with tears in her eyes and a miserable expression.



The silver haired, blue eyed woman came straight down plunging towards Hajime. From her eyes you could see that she trusted that she would be caught.



But, betraying such things were Hajime’s quality. In the place where he was supposed to catch her, the moment before they collided he suddenly jumped back, [Eh?], his glance averted from the womans eyes and she crashed into the ground as if she was being consumed by the earth while becoming dot eyed.



Everyone had trembling expressions as they looked towards Hajime who had no intentions of catching her, [She’s dead right?]. However, after the sand of cloud cleared up again, the beautiful woman with silver hair and blue eyes appeared, Aiko and Ririana both raised out a warning-like scream.



[Wha, why, are you……]



[Everyone! Get back! She’s a dangerous person who kidnaped Aiko and lent Eri a hand!]



Towards those words, Kouki and all the other classmates at the spot, Kuzeri and all of the other knights all simultaneously picked up their weapons. Especially Shizuku who was close to Hajime and them who immediately prepared to performed a quick draw on the spot, she had piercing eyes filled with murderous intent for the person who had lent a hand in Kaori’s death. If an opening appeared, she would immediately cut her down.



Towards the other party which glared at her, Nointo who had a pretty face like a work of art and silver hair with blue eyes, as if she didn’t suffer any damage at all from the crash, moved agilly and easily stood up. Then for a moment she glanced at Hajime with reproachful eyes, and unbelievably she who had no emotions or expressions like a machine now carried them and panickingly she spoke towards Shizuku.



[Wa, wait! Shizuku-chan! It’s me, me!]



[ ? ]



Shizuku had a suspicious expression towards the woman who called her name on their first meeting appealing for themself.



Hajime who was by the side muttered out, [you look like shady scammer……], the woman Ki’ed! at him with a glare then looked away. It was impossible for Aiko and them to not think of her as an enemy. Although the appearance and voice was different, the strange woman’s casual gestures and atmosphere when calling out for herself was like a shadow of her best friend.



While gently relaxing her quick draw position, she spaced out and suddenly muttered the name of her best friend.



[……Kao, ri? Are you….Kaori?]



Was she extremely glad that Shizuku had noticed that it was her? The silver haired blue eyed woman had a bright face! and replied in a lively bright voice.



[Un! I’m Kaori! Shizuku-chan’s best friend, Shirasaki Kaori. Although my appearance has changed…..I’m properly living!]



[……Kaori…..Kaori~i!]



Shizuku was stunned for a bit. Although she has no idea how things turned out the way they did, even still, with the fact that her best friend was still alive and in front of her, finally soaking in, she embraced Kaori who had obtained a new body of a silver haired blue eyed woman with all her might as she cried out tears like rain.



Kaori was also sobbing like a baby and like Shizuku she embraced her back tightly and quietly whispered gently.



[I’m sorry to have worried you? I’m fine now, I’m fine]



[Hi~gu, gusu~, I’m glad, so glad~]



They both buried their faces in each others necks and Shizuku and Kaori firmly confirmed each other’s existence.



Everyone who saw it was completely stunned, for a while, the cries of warmth and tenderness resounded throughout the drilling grounds.



~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~



[So then, what exactly does this mean?]



With eyes dyed red and swollen from tears, Shizuku’s cheeks also blushed with the same amount of shame, and determined to hide her shame she demanded an explanation of the circumstances.



The current location has switched from the drilling grounds to the large room where Kouki and them usually eat at. In regards to Shizuku, it was explained that at heart she was Kaori and the body belonged to someone named Nointo, for the time being Ririana urged that they move to a calmer place. However, it wasn’t only Shizuku who came, all classmates as well as Aiko and Ririana are attending.



[Well, lets see….cutting straight to the chase. Using magic, Kaori’s soul was protected, Nointo’s corpse? Remains? Ma~a, we restored it and took it over]



[I see…..I don’t get it at all]



Shizuku just stared at hajime as he gave off his extremely simple explanation. From the stare, it was clearly saying, [Is that all there is to it? Ahh?], with an insecure look. In place of Hajime who had an expression that his motivation for explaining was 0, Kaori decided to explain with an amazed expression.



[Ehhto ne, Shizuku-chan. You know that the magic we’re using now a degraded version of the forgotten magic from the past called Age of Gods magic right?]



[……Yes. I’ve studied some of this world’s history. Its the magic that appears in the myth about how this world was created? Rather than the current attribute magic, they were more fundamental in useage……wait. Do you mean to say that it’s that kind of thing? The Age of Gods magic that Nagumo and you guys have is the spirit type…..a power that allows you to interfere with a person’s soul? With that, the spirit of the dead Kaori was protected and settled in a different body right?]



[Right! As expected of Shizuku-chan]



For some reason, Kaori was sticking out her chest proudly. In fact, the rate of Shizuku’s brain being able to process things was fast. Hajime had also known of this before but, inside of himself, he was once again impressed.



[But, why in that body? Was Kaori’s body no longer alright? I thought that you guys could somehow manage to heal up the wound that was inflicted on her heart with recovery magic though……]



[Ahh, the truth is, Kaori’s body is completely healed and it was possible to return her soul to it]



Spirit magic was mind-blowing Age of Gods magic where you can literally stay immortally young through continuously fixating your own soul.



By “fixating” it was magic which preserved the dead spirit that was interfered with in order to not allow it to deteriorate nor disappear, at first, this was what Teio performed on Kaori. However, it was lucky that Teio made it on time because it’s ineffective if several minutes have passed since death.



By “establishing”, just as it says, regardless of the fixated spirit, they’ll be established whether its as organic or inorganic matter. Bodies which have started decaying would still cause them to die once again even if they establish themselves because it won’t be suitable for survival, however, it’ll be possible with a healthy body, it’s also possible to leave the wedge of time and become immortal like Miredei Raisen who established herself as a golem.



Obviously this magic isn’t so simple that it can be done without proper testing and training. It was successful precisely because Yue and Teio were naturally talented at magic. Even still, it took 5 whole days to properly establish.



[Then, why…..what happened to Kaori’s original body? There must have been some kind of problem then?]



[Shizuku-chan, calm down. I’ll explain it properly]



While calming down Shizuku, Kaori continued to explain.



At first, Hajime had attempted to return Kaori’s spirit back into her original body which they’ve healed with Reproduction magic.



However, the one who told him to wait was Kaori. Even while stuck in a spirit state, “Spirit Guidance” can be conducted to communicate with the soul. Kaori who was still in a spirit state, had heard of Meiredi Raisen and requested that she be placed into a golem like her. If it was Hajime, then he should be able to create a powerful golem.



At [Merujine Underwater Ruins], Kaori had realised her own powerlessness, she had no intentions to stay the way that she was now. She also had no intentions to give up standing next to Hajime as well. At that point, she knew that she would easily be killed. Cowardly, miserably, and mortifyingly……if so then, she thought, “what if I tossed away my human body”.



Once Kaori was resolute on something, she became surprisingly stubborn. Although Hajime and them had tried to talk her out of it, she wouldn’t listen. That determination was so strong it made Hajime raise out both hands in surrender.



With no other choice, Hajime had decided to create the strongest golem he could, however, suddenly the light bulb inside of Hajime’s head lit up! [I can use that can’t I?]. Right, it was Nointo who Hajime had pierced through the heart.



After Hajime recovered Nointo’s remains, Yue used Reproduction magic to restore all the wounds. The strong body of “God’s Apostle” had become Kaori’s new vessel, it was a great success when “establishing” the soul to it.



Unfortunately, although the organ-like magic stone which supplied an infinite supply of magical power was reproduced, it was not functioning, however, Nointo’s inherent magic “Decomposition”, her dual wielding swords and skills, silver wings and feathers were useable.



It appears that Nointo’s body remembers all previous combat experiences and knows how to use it, although she’s unable to fly right now because the body is still new, once she gets accustomed to it, she’ll likely be able to exert “God’s Apostle’s” true abilities. Now that she can directly manipulate magic, she’s well qualified to be shoulder to shoulder with Hajime and them.



Kaori who was happy that her spirit was successfully established onto the body was an incredibly amazing sight. After all, she had the appearance of a cool beauty and she was making a fuss with “Kya, Kya” noises and a big smile. The opponent which Hajime was just fighting with not too long ago was making such a happy face and in addition she was clinging onto him, as expected, even Hajime didn’t know this would happen and his eyebrows turned into a ?.



By the way, Kaori’s real body was being stored in the “Treasure Warehouse” while receiving Yue’s freezing treatment. A beauty frozen in ice created a very mysterious feeling. Since cells that are ruined after being thawed out can be restored by Reproduction magic, if she wanted to go back to her body, the possibility of it is extremely high.



[…..I see. Ha~a, Kaori, you’ve always been a bit spontaneous since a long time ago but this time supases all of those]



After hearing Hajime’s explanation, Shizuku placed a hand on her head to suppress her headache. Her headache was worse than the time when she was asked what Hajime’s favorite game was so she visited the game store, only to have mistakenly charge into the X-rated game corner.



[Ehehe, sorry for worrying you Shizuku-chan]



[…..It’s fine. As long as you’re still alive then……]



Shizuku said while smiling at Kaori who had an apologetic expression, then she suddenly straightened her posture and changed her expression to a serious one, then turned towards Hajime and them and bowed her head.



[Nagumo-kun, Yue-san, Shia-san, Teio-san. Thank you very much for saving my best friend. Although my debts are continuously increasing and I have nothing I can return in exchange…..I’ll never forget this favor throughout my life. If there’s anything I can do, then feel free to ask. I’ll do my best to respond to it]



[…….You’re as honest as ever. Ma~a, don’t mind it so much. We just helped out our own companion]



Shizuku showed a wry smile towards Hajime’s light reply. It wasn’t just Kaori, they were all saved as well. There lives were saved twice at that. Even after being saved from their predicaments, most likely the results of the clash was convenient for Hajime’s own circumstances as well, his state of mind was already something that you could only laugh at how different it was.



And, somehow the calm mood also had a hint of spitefulness in it as well, Shizuku sharply pointed out.



[…….Considering all that, although you were also worried about me, you gave me the medicine for Kouki’s sake right?]



[If you had broken then Kaori would have been troublesome….]



[Trou, troublesome you say……that’s mean, Hajime-san]



Replying to Shizuku’s sarcastic remark, Kaori’s tsukkomi also came through, [besides….], Hajime continued.



[Just like a certain Sensei has said, I should not walk down the “Lonely life”. Though I can’t afford to pay attention to everything, if it’s just this much then……]



[! Nagumo-kun……]



Aiko who had kept silent while Shizuku and Hajime and them had their conversation, looked towards Hajime with moistened eyes that were overwhelmed by emotions due to Hajime’s words.



The other students were strangely admiring that Ai-chan’s teachings properly reached Hajime who had become overly haughty, it seems that Aiko was more impressed than they were though, Shizuku and Yue and them sensitively felt that some other kind of heat was also included in Aiko’s eyes.



Kaori appearance was like, “It can’t be!”, asking for confirmation, she lined her sight with Shizuku and Yue and them, Yue and them nodded with a sharp look while Shizuku averted her eyes and looked up towards the sky.



Shizuku sensed that a delicate atmosphere was beginning to build up and decided to continue talking in order to return the atmosphere back to normal. There were a mountain of things that she still wanted to ask.



[On that day, the day when Sensei was kidnaped, can we hear what you wanted to tell us that day? That talk surely had some kind of relation with Nagumo-kun and them who acquired Age of Gods magic right?]



Hajime heard Shizuku’s words and turned his gaze over to Aiko. Silent pressure hung over Aiko to explain the situation. while clearing out her throat, ~Kohon~, Aiko began to explain Hajime’s purpose for traveling, and, she began to explain about everything from the events when she was held at the head temple and when the Kingdom was invaded.



After she finished explaining everything, the first person to raise their voice was Kouki.



[What’s with that. Then, are you saying that we’re just dancing on the palm of God’s hand? Then why didn’t you tell us about it sooner! You could have told us when we met up again at Orcus!]



With a criticising look and voice, however, Hajime only glanced at Kouki as if he was troublesome and didn’t say anything. He was ignored. Towards that attitude, Kouki got up from his seat with a ~gata!~ noise and was filled with hostility towards Hajime.



[How about saying something! If you had told me about it sooner then!]



[Wait a bit, Kouki!]



Shizuku’s urge wasn’t heard, Hajime frowned annoyingly at Kouki who had lost his temper, after letting out a grand sigh, he looked towards Kouki as if he was bothersome.



[If I had said it, would you have believed me?]



[What was that?]



[At any rate, you’re a person who loves to believe in your convenient interpretations. Would the large majority of people believe that God has “gone mad” when told so, I knew it would have been meaningless to tell you about it, far from believing in me, rather, you’d criticize me instead? That kind of scene comes to mind]



[Bu, but, if you had explained it clearly repeatedly then….]



[Are you stupid. Why do I have to go through bone breaking stakes for your guys sakes? Surely you’re not expecting that just because I’m your classmate, that I’ll naturally lend my power right? ……Saying such foolishness is just like……a second Hiyama?]



Towards Hajime’s glare which was like permanently frozen ground, all of the classmates averted their eyes.



But, It seemed that Kouki wasn’t convinced and continued to stare severely at Hajime. Kouki didn’t notice that Yue who was next to Hajime was looking at him with fed up eyes declaring, you’ve been saved twice so why are you still behaving like this.



[But, If we’re to fight God together from now on…….]



[Wait, wait, Hero (Laughs). When did I say I was going to fight God? Don’t just decide it on your own. Naturally I’ll kill them if they come from the other side but, I have no intentions of going around to search for them? Because I just want to go through all great labyrinths and quickly return home to Japan]



Kouki’s eyes opened up widely when those words were said.



[Na~, surely you don’t mean to say that whatever happens to the people of this world is alright are you!? If we don’t do something about God, people will continue being his plaything from now and onwards! Are you going to abandon them!]



[I’m not willing to use my powers for the sake of someone who’s face I don’t even know…..]



[Why…..just why! Aren’t you stronger than us! If you have that much power then you should be able to do anything! If you have power then shouldn’t you use it for the right things!]



Kouki was howling. As always, his words were overflowing with justice. However, such “words” were against the person’s will to begin with, they didn’t reach Hajime. Hajime looked at Kouki as if he was a stone on the roadside.



[……if “you have power” huh. That’s exactly why you’ll always be groveling on the ground. ….I believe that power should be used with clearly defined intentions. You don’t do something because you have power. Because you want something you use power. If you’re saying that just because “you have power” you have to do it regardless of your will then, that’s probably nothing more than a “curse”. that will is too feeble. ……Or rather, I have no intentions of arguing about which path you and I take. Anything more about this will be annoying so I’ll seriously send you flying]



After Hajime said that, his eyes returned to normal as if he had no interest in Kouki and them.



From his attitude, Hajime was serious about himself and the world, Kouki realised that it wasn’t out of a grudge nor hatred, he simply had no interest. After the reason why he lost was said out, he kept quiet while shaking violently. I have a strong will!, he wanted to object, but, for some reason those words wouldn’t come out.



The other classmates as well, somehow understood that Hajime coming back and teaming up with them again was nothing but a dream, and, they trembled violently when they thought that they might seriously end up like Hiyama if they said things poorly.



After all, even though they were just puppets, their opponent was someone who held no hesitation and turned all the knights including Meld into chunks of meat. As for the stay-behind group, they couldn’t even look Hajime in the eye after he fell into hell.



[……As expected, you won’t be staying around? I wanted you to at least stay until the defense system for the Kingdom was repaired…..]



The person who requested it was Ririana.



As of now, confusion is still within the Kingdom, although the magic formation which allowed large-scale transfer was removed, they were still in a state where it was unknown when the Majinzoku would be attacking once again so Hajime and them were an existence which they didn’t want to part with. Freed who seemed to be the other parties general only withdrew because Hajime was here. With just Hajime and them being here, they were already a kind of repellent.



[Since things were already established with God’s Apostle, I want to hurry up ahead. Resurrecting Kaori took 5 days as well. I plan on leaving tomorrow]



Though Ririana’s shoulders dropped, after Hajime and them had left, there was no way of stopping Freed and them so as a princess she needed to hold onto them.



[Is there anything……at least, that pillar of light……that’s also one of Nagumo-san’s artifacts right? Can you allow us to use it for the Kingdom’s protection? ……I’ll do everything I can to reward you for it, so]



[……Ah, “Hyuberion” huh. It’s impossible. That thing broke after the first blow….it was a prototype after all. If I don’t improve it, then]



Hajime’s annihilation weapon “Hyuberion” that erased the huge army of demons and Majinzoku was in short, a sunlight convergence laser. Before going down [Kamiyama] he flew up to retrieve it.



“Hyuberion” was an enormous airframe lens which converged sunlight, it can also charge itself while inside of the “Treasure Warehouse” which had heat capacity installed in it. Enormous heat which critically overflowed from the “Treasure Warehouse” would be discharged through the launching entrance where gravity magic was added in to make it discharge towards the ground.



And “Hyuberion’s” biggest feature was the fact that it could still converge the sunlight even while it was night. It’s secret was due to Oscar Orcus’s false sun which lightened up his rooms. That thing’s sunlight was created through Reproduction magic along with Space magic, it was through collaboration with the “liberators” who combined their Age of Gods magic as Hajime couldn’t understand at first.



Even the Hajime as of now is still unable to create a fake sun. Plus “Hyuberion” was still in it’s experimental stage as well, it wasn’t able to withstand it’s own heat and broke down, so it can no longer shoot anymore. To begin with, “Hyuberion” wasn’t the only annihilation weapon that Hajime had created but…….



[Is that…..so…..]



After hearing Hajime’s words, once again Ririana’s shoulders drops down. There, Kaori, Shizuku, and Aiko pierced Hajime with glares. The 3 people already know of Hajime’s stance. Although Hajime did say that he’ll consider people in his surroundings to some extent, fundamentally, the fact that he’s indifferent about this world doesn’t change. Reaching out towards the surroundings was so that sadness wouldn’t indirectly reach Yue and them. That’s why the 3 people didn’t actually say anything. They don’t but their persuasiveness were shown in their eyes.



Although Hajime had been ignoring them while drinking his tea, he let out a murmur because they were so persistent.



[…..Before we leave, I’ll at least fix the Great Barrier]



[Nagumo-san! Thank you very much!]



Hajime ignored Ririana’s, *not sure how i’m supposed to use this expression, ??*Pa~a!, expression which was shining, and with a, is this alright then? he glanced towards Kaori and them. The three people as well as Ririana returned a joyful smile at Hajime.



Somehow or another it’s become really sweat now, he thought, even Yue and Shia besides him were smiling at him, [Ma~a, this isn’t bad I guess], Hajime let out a bitter smile as he shrugged his shoulders.



[And where are you guys planning on heading Nagumo-kun? If you’re aiming for Age of God’s magic then you’ll be going for the great labyrinths right? If you came from the West then……is it the Sea of Trees?]



[Ahh, that’s our intent. I had plan to go via Fuyuren but, heading partly towards the south is bothersome so I think we’ll just go as is towards the East]



After hearing what Hajime had planned, Ririana’s expression was as if she had thought of something.



[Then, will you be passing through the Empire’s territory?]



[It’ll probably happen…..]



[If so then, would it be alright if I tagged along as well?]



[N? What for?]



[There are mountains of things to talk about with the Empire about the Kingdom being invaded. The messenger and ambassador have already left for the Empire but, it’s best to talk about it at the earliest possible. With Nagumo-san’s transportation artifact, getting to the Empire would be quick right? That’s why, I was wondering if I could board as well and have a direct talk over there]



Hajime was amazed at Ririana’s bold plan and how she worked her way up towards it, if he thought about it, she was the princess who in order to get help, ran away from the Kingdom and traveled through a caravan. Thinking of it he was strangely convinced that it was natural that she would naturally think up of such an idea.



And, since it wasn’t much trouble to just lower her down as they went along their path, his mind consented that it was alright. However, he didn’t forget to give a warning.



[Dropping you off is fine but, we won’t be entering the Empire? We’ll never accompany you to a meeting with the Emperor?]



[Fufu, don’t say such impudent things. Just dropping me off is more than enough]



Ririana unintentionally let out a wry smile after Hajime’s cautious remark, then Kouki who was silenced by Hajime began to talk again.



[If that’s so then, We’ll also tag along. Riri can’t be left alone with someone who thinks nothing of this world. We’ll be the guards along the way. Besides, if Nagumo doesn’t plan on doing anything then, I’ll save this world! For that purpose, power is needed! The power of Age of God’s magic! If we tag along with you guys, we’ll be able to obtain Age of God’s magic right!]



[No, I’ll tell you their locations so don’t come without permission. If you tag along it’ll always be troublesome all the time]



What are you suddenly getting so fired up about, Hajime had an amazed expression. I guess the criticism about not relying on others wasn’t understood. There, Aiko timidly points out Hajime’s words from before.



[But, Nagumo-kun, you said that even if we challenged a great labyrinth now, we’d be killed]



[……No, that was, that other thing. Look, even I who was “incapable” managed to do something about it, so you guys should be fine. You can do it, you can do it. In short you need fighting spirit]



[Isn’t that impossible?]



Hajime irresponsibly turned his eyes away from Aiko who completely remembered his remark.



As for Hajime, the dawn when they surpassed the limits of the world was something that he didn’t mind allow his classmates to get a free pass into. But, helping them obtain Age of God’s magic from the first step was something he wanted absolutely nothing to do with. There was no other reason but the loss of time.



[Nagumo-kun, could I ask you a favor. Just once is fine. Even with just 1 Age of Gods magic, it’ll make a decisive difference in completing the other great labyrinths. Won’t you let us follow along this once?]



[If you plan on leaching then the magic won’t be obtainable? Its required through actions to be accepted by the labyrinth]



[Of course. Putting aside God’s case for now, we’re also the same in wanting to return home. We’ll desperately challenge it with determined will. That’s why, I ask of you. Being saved several times and only being able to say our thanks of repaying your kindness to you, but right now, we can’t do anything but rely on you. Please lend us your power once more]



[Suzu’s also asking, Nagumo-kun. I want to become stronger and have a talk with Eri once again. So I ask of you! This favor will definitely be repaid if you take along suzu and us]



Up until now Aiko had listen to their unreasonable words, only Shizuku earnestly wanted help to obtain the Age of Gods magic. Her expression was stiff and uneasy as she felt sorry that they had to rely on them while not being able to repay their kindness.



Suzu who had kept silent for a long time was also influenced by Shizuku and lowered her head. It appears that she had thought of various things about Eri. Her voice and expression carried desperation. Kouki’s eyebrow jumped up a little in reaction to the spectacle he saw but, in the end he didn’t say anything.



Hajime was hesitating. Normally, taking along Kouki and them to finish [Harutsuina Sea of Trees] was troublesome and unthinkable. He wanted to quickly refuse them and tell them to go to whichever they wanted out of [Orcus Great Labyrinth] or [Raisen Great Labyrinth].



However, this time, after his battle with Nointo his judgement was hesitating.



That was because, he thought of how to eliminate Nointo as well as the influential men who were seen manipulated back in the past at the [Merujine Underwater Ruins] who will likely be a nuisance, she was a doll who was the embodiment of God’s will and literally the hands and feet of God that moved around secretly behind the scenes.



Then, if “God’s Apostle(Nointo)” was clearly created, sure enough, can we be certain that there’s not more than one. It may be overly optimistic in thinking so.



Nointo had said. Hajime was an Irregular and God’s wish was to have him die while suffering. If so then, sure enough it’s logical to believe that they’ll send in more existences like Nointo. Assuming so, for the sake of that time, it may be a good idea to give Kouki and them some power? Hajime thought.



Although it was quite evil to throw others at the enemies which were after him, [Ma~a, the Hero has his mind set on fighting God so there shouldn’t be any problems right?], he thought lightly, in the end, he finally decided to accept their company and moved towards [Harutsuina Sea of Trees]. For the time being, he glanced at Yue and them for confirmation and it didn’t appear that they had any particular objections.



Shizuku and them had a smile of relief which leaked out, Hajime was thinking about the 2 remaining great labyrinths that would come in the future.



Regardless of what’s there, the ending of these travels were coming into view. No matter the existence which blocked their path, no matter the situation that they fall in, he’ll beat them by all means and return home. Along with the “Importance” that he obtained in this world. That oath renewed his desire and included his new bonds which piled up and became even stronger. While feeling the flame of determination growing bigger within his heart, Hajime quietly smiled.





Chapter 108




The Kingdom was unusually noisy as crowds of people were talking and chattering.



Usually you’d express it as “everyone is lively” but, if you looked at the facial expressions of the people in the Kingdom, you’d notice that the majority of those people had sorrowful and dark expressions. The invasion of the Kingdom was truly an unexpected event.



It’s been 5 days since that day, the sense of loss and sorrow still lingering in the people’s chests were bringing pain to their hearts. However, that still doesn’t stop them from working on the reconstruction, that was surely “The strength of people”.



On the main street of the Kingdom which was filled with sorrow and strength, a man with white hair and an eyepatch was buying something hotdog-like (because something that wasn’t a sausage was inserted instead) and chewing on it as he walked towards the guild headquarters, it was Hajime. Only Yue and Shizuku was by his side. After going to the guild headquarters they were going to repair the great barriers, Shizuku volunteered to guide them to the artifact’s location.



Shia and them were house sitting at the Royal Palace. It was judged that it would be better to not needlessly stimulate the people with the appearances of another race walking through the Kingdom, so they volunteered to stay behind. Even if the Kingdom citizens know that the ones that attacked them were Majinzoku’s, right now they’ll likely indiscriminately target them because they “aren’t humans”.



The Kingdom were high believers of the church, to begin with, besides the Demi-human slaves, there were hardly any other race but humans. That’s the judgement was proper. Right now if you’re just judging by appearances then Kaori counted as human so she was currently helping Aiko and them who were busy helping Ririana, and Teio was sleeping in order to refill the magical power she’s used up continuously for the past several days.



[The guild headquarters is……in the end, what do you plan on doing there?]



Shizuku asked Hajime as she was also similarly chewing on a cheese flavored hotdog.



[N? Ahh, I thought I’d just send a message reporting that the request was completed. Although it’s something that should be done directly with words, it’ll be far too troublesome to travel from Fuyuren towards the Sea of Trees. If I send a report through headquarters they’ll properly deal with it]



[……By report…..are you talking about that child called Myu? Come to think of it, I don’t see her appearance……]



After Shizuku was slightly disappointed and lowered her eyebrows, they explained that Myu was safely reunited with her mother. Was she done in by Myu’s cuteness after only meeting momentarily? [I wanted to hug her…….] Shizuku muttered. However, after hearing Yue’s words, her eyes opened up widely.



[……It’s fine. You’ll meet again. Since Hajime will be taking her with us to Japan]



[…………Hai? What does this mean Nagumo-kun?]



[What do you mean what does this mean, it’s exactly as said. I’ve made a promise with Myu. I said I’d take her with me to my hometown]



[Eh…no…but…..Myu-chan is a Umininzoku*Sea person* right?]



Hajime shrugged his shoulders like there was nothing wrong while Shizuku was baffled.



[I understand what you’re saying, but its not that much of a problem? There are lots of ways around it, and if there’s none then just make one. Isn’t it often said? something like, Whether or not it’s possible, or whether you can do it or not]



[That’s, ma~a, that’s certainly true but….]



[To begin with, isn’t it too late now? Shia’s got usamimi’s…..and Yue’s not even albino but she has sharp canines and bright red eyes. If you look in the long-term, her appearance won’t change either…..You probably didn’t even think about it when I said that I was going to bring both of them back to Japan]



As Hajime made his points, Shizuku certainly had a wry smile now. Yue who was besides him had a faint smile on her face. She was quietly holding onto the hem of Hajime’s clothes with her hand. Faintly, a sweet atmosphere began to drift. When Shizuku was hit by the atmosphere, her temperature went up a bit, [Thanks for the meal], she said while fanning herself.



And while glancing over to the side at the two harmonious people, Shizuku was convinced that whatever happens Hajime will somehow find a way through it all even though she had no evidence, when she thought about the steep path which her best friend was traveling on, Shizuku began to become troubled and her eyebrows became an ?.



[…….Are you properly looking after Kaori?]



[N~? That’s something you should ask the actual person herself. No matter what I say, I don’t actually know how she feels? Ma~a, for me, just as promised, I don’t intend to be cruel]



Shizuku suddenly became more worried after hearing those words. If you looked at Kaori’s appearance then, somehow or another she understood what the answer was without hearing it, [You overprotective guy], she said as she looked towards Hajime.



Shizuku was feeling somewhat shameful and as Hajime showed signs of being amazed at the remarks, Yue suddenly dropped a bombshell.



[……Because he’s like that he was assaulted. Hajime, hang in there]



[O, oh]



[Eh? Please wait a moment. Was assaulted? Who did to who?]



[…..Kaori did to Hajime. It seems that during the confusion she stole a kiss…..darn that Kaori]



[Ka, Kaori did…..no way….right, Kaori’s already gone up the stairs towards adulthood….]



Before she knew it, her best friend had powered up in various meanings, Shizuku had distant eyes and her cheeks cramped up. As if she was left behind she began to feel lonely.



[…..Aiko is also dangerous. Be careful Hajime]



[…..There’s no way that’s true]



Hajime quickly averted his eyes away from Yue’s sharp glance, he was one beat too slow in denying that possibility. Shizuku who regained herself as the 2 people talked, that’s right! with a sharp glance just like Yue, she thoroughly questioned Hajime.



[Somehow, you’re talking as if you’ve realised it? And? Nagumo-kun, what have you done to Ai-chan?]



[Oi, kora. Why are you already assuming that I’ve done something]



[Ever since the day that Ai-chan came back to the Kingdom she’s been acting funny. ……Whenever she spoke of you she blushed. …….I highly doubt that it was because you repelled that large army. Something definitely happened while still at the town of Ulu? Sa~a, truthfully spill it out! It’s an important matter of whether or not Kaori’s rivals will be increasing!]



[No, like I said, I…..]



Shizuku who had heated-up, [do~u, do~u], and trying to suppress it, she began to try and get idea’s out of Hajime. Then there, Yue while expressionless, exposed it all.



[……They kissed. Dense guy]



[! Nagumo-kun! People like you! The other party is a Sensei!]



[Wait, calm down. I’ll explain it so, don’t grab my neck, don’t shake me!]



With a, This high-grade flag architect!, expression, Shizuku began to shake Hajime, and then Hajime’s story of the lifesaving act that was performed at Ulu was told. Due to the poison, Aiko couldn’t drink the medicine on her own, because the situation called for urgency, he forcefully made her drink it.



Since then it further increased when Shimizu was shot and she was rescued from the isolation tower at the head temple, with Yue adding onto it, Shizuku became convinced. Ahh, don’t….fall Ai-chan.



[Ma~a, I understand that it wasn’t completely intended to happen but…..Nagumo-kun, you look as if you’ve somehow figured out Ai-chan’s feelings. Since when have you found out?]



[……Since the time when I was taking care of Sensei after she blew up the head temple and killed Ishtar and his group. …….Because she was looking at me with strangely feverish eyes, It couldn’t be though~ is what I had thought but…..As expected, it was like that?]



[…..It’s like that]



[It’s like that right]



Towards Shizuku and Yue’s confirmation without hesitation, the emergency which was pushed into the corner of his mind came up again as Hajime looked up towards the sky. What are you going to do? is what the glances from both sides said to him, Hajime started thinking of ideas as he groaned out, [U~n]……



[Un, let’s neglect it]



is what he concluded with.



[…..Ma~a, I don’t think Aiko-chan will be taking on the offensive. Rather than dealing with it poorly, just leaving it as is might be better…..]



[Ah? ……Ahh, it’s just like you said. That person’s a teacher so she has her commitments to keep. Since I’m a student, pretending that I haven’t noticed it is the best course of action]



Actually, it was simply too troublesome to deal with, so as Hajime said out the plausible reasons he was averting his eyes somewhat and that fact was seen through by Shizuku who was staring at Hajime.



Shizuku’s glance showed that she was through with the topic and ate all that was left of the hotdog, then Hajime and them finally reached the adventurers guild headquarters in the Kingdom. The building had a feeling like it wasn’t inferior in history or scale when compared with Fuyuren’s branch. When the entrance opened up, there were a lot of adventurers going in and out busily. The amount of requests in the Kingdom likely shot up after the invasion after all.



Hajime and them entered the guild and walked towards the ten rows of large counters. Though it was jammed packed with adventurers, as expected, the receptionists of the headquarters showed splendid skills in their procedures and the lines continued progressing at a fierce rate. In addition, the receptionists were all beautiful women. Right, they were incredible beauties. There was also a cute child as well. An incredibly cute child. *I assume by child they’re talking about a woman and not a kid, however in text it was child so i’ll leave it as such*



However, Hajime was not one to fall for such honeytraps. After all, Hajime’s lover was someone who wouldn’t lose out in cuteness nor beauty, she was the perfect beautiful woman. Even now, she was the happy and cute woman holding onto Hajime’s hand. There was no chance that he’d ever be fascinated by other women.



That’s why, Hajime was thinking that he’d want to be given a break from the traps while breaking through happily and gayly. Because he really won’t be fascinated by any other woman other than Yue after all.



After having enough of Shizuku’s amazed expression while beside them, Hajime finally reached the receptionist. As he took out his status plate he also took out to submit the documents proving that Myu was safely returned to Erisen.



[Though I’ve come to report a completed request, is it possible for the head the Iruwa branch to report it to the Fuyuren branch from headquarters?]



[Hai? ….A nominated quest……right? I’m sorry, please wait for a moment……]



The receptionist tilted her neck a little in puzzlement from Hajime’s words. It was a proper reaction because a nominated quest from a head of a branch would never be given out to just any adventurer. Currently, the adventurers who were doing their procedures next to Hajime were looking at him in surprise.



When the receptionist received Hajime’s status plate and looked at the contents, her clarified expression was destroyed and became just like the adventurers who were surprised. And after comparing the status plate and Hajime’s face numerous times, she stood up in a panic.



[Are you without a doubt, Na, Nagumo Hajime-sama?]



[? Ahh, it’s exactly as written on the status plate]



[I’m deeply sorry but, would you please come into the reception room? On the occasion that Nagumo-sama visited the guild, we’ve been informed to bring him inside……I’ll immediately call the guild master]



[Ha? No, I just want to request that the completed report gets sent to the head of the Iruwa branch. Besides, I’ve got plans to go and repair the great barrier after this. Please pardon me from the trouble]



[Eh, eh~, that’ll put me in a troubling position…..I’ll immediately, immediately, call the guild master to come so, please wait for a moment!]



With that the receptionist disappeared into the interior while leaving behind all of Hajime’s paperwork and status plate with a speed which seemed that it could generate enough force to make a ~Pew~ sound. Hajime became disappointed. Yue and Shizuku patted Hajime’s shoulder as if saying, ma~a, ma~a.



Although Hajime was told to wait for a while, he wondered if this was more troublesome and if he should just report directly to the Iruwa branch? as he thought this, an old man with a beard appeared with the receptionist from a while ago. When Hajime saw the old man he was convinced. He was absolutely the kind of old man who while tossing away his clothes to show his muscles, turn into a macho-oldman while raising out a shout, [Fun’nu~ua!].



That old man with the weird atmosphere was definitely the guild master and from the moment he appeared the guild suddenly rapidly became noisier. When the guild master called out to Hajime, the commotion spread out to the entire guild.



It appears that the guild master’s name was Barusu Raputa. It was a name which somehow sounded like it’ll being a person into ruins. Somehow it wasn’t as bothersome as Hajime had first expected, his glance seemed to indicate that he wanted to talk with Hajime about the report to Iruwa.



No matter which town he travels to and whatever incidents occurred, he had a feeling in his chest that everything would turn out alright but, that was expecting too much.



[Barusu-dono, won’t you introduce them to me? If it’s someone who’s being eyed by the guild master then, by all means, I’d like to become an acquaintance? Especially because as a gentlemen, it would not do to not greet those lovely women?]



The person who said such affectionate lines while coming closer besides Hajime and them was a bond pretty boy. 4 beautiful women were following behind him. When the surrounding adventurers saw him they began to whisper between themselves. The reason was because he was a “Gold” rank adventurer named Abel. It seems that his second name was “Flash Blade”.



With that, Barusu announced that Hajime and Abel were both “Gold” rankers. The surrounding noise became incredible in an instant which caused Hajime to have a purely troublesome expression. Hajime was about to take Yue and Shizuku and immediately leave the guild but, Abel definitely had an interest in Shizuku and Yue so he had no intentions of allowing them to leave so easily.



Or rather, does no one notice that Shizuku was in the Hero’s party? Hajime thought with a questionable face. While disregarding Hajime’s current state, Able called out to Hajime with a refreshed face and laughingly.



[Fu~n, you’re “Gold” huh~. You seem quite young though……just what kind of hand did you play? There’s no way it was a proper method right? Ahh, since it wasn’t a proper method you can’t say it out here huh……sorry for not being considerate enough?]



*It’s imagery, he’s human lol*Abel was spitting out poison while smiling. At this point, Hajime had completely discarded the thought of fighting with Abel. It was because he judged that he wasn’t worthy enough to be an opponent. Yue and Shizuku also realised what Hajime was thinking and also tried to quickly leave the guild.



[Ma~a, wait a bit. Just because I’m a real “Gold” doesn’t mean you have to run away. It’s not like I’ll eat you? Ma~a, since you might not be able to stay around, leaving is fine but, how about I go out for a meal with those girls? I’ll show them what a real “Gold” is?]



So Abel says as he blocks them off. His eyes were convinced that if he invited the women they would absolutely not refuse. However, considering what Abels words sounded like in front of the 3 cheats……it sounded absolutely ludicrous. Since Barusu knew of Hajime and their true identities, his face was trembling and shaking.



[Oi, Yaegashi. Taking care of these unfortunate pretty boys is what you’re in charge of right? I’ll leave it to you, the specialist, this is just like a degraded version of Amanogawa]



[Who’s the specialist of what. To begin with, what are you saying about another person’s childhood friend. Kouki isn’t …….this disappointing? …..Maybe, surely…..he’s not that pitiful and regrettable]



[……Shizuku, you say some unexpected things sometimes. But I intensely agree]



The 3 people were having an extremely natural conversation while being through with Abel. He’s probably never received bad treatment ever since he obtained “Gold”. The other women were also glaring scowly at Yue and them.



As expected it was becoming a riot so Hajime was thinking about starting a countdown before blowing away all members that were laughing, including the guild master……while Hajime was having such dangerous thoughts, an unexpectedly deep voice spoke out like a young girl called out to Hajime and them.



[Ara~a~n, Isn’t it Hajime-san and Yue-oneesama over there?]



Hajime felt chills from the mysterious voice and immediately took a defensive stance with Donner pulled out. And the one who appeared when Hajime and them turned around was……



[Wh, what is this monster!?]



[Who~is, who could ever confuse San-chi’s face for a monster!?] *This line is definitely wrong it was a mess, SAN?????????????????????????????????*



Abel shouted out instinctively towards the mass of muscle with wide open eyes! It had thick muscle armor throughout its entire body and face just like what you’d see in comics and was around 2 meters in height. Yet it had it’s red hair tied up to make twintails with a cute ribbon and what they were wearing was a so-called Yukata dress. There were lots of frills attached onto it. They were fluttering around a lot. The thick legs were wonderfully exposed.



For a moment, Hajime had thought that it was the monster, Christabel, from Brook town but, it appears to have been a different person. Unless that guy had a shape shifting ability…..



[Hi~i, st, stay away! Who do you think I am! I’m the “Gold” ranked “Flash Blade” Abel! If you come any closer than this, I’ll cut you down here!]



[Ma~a, that’s terrible! To be called a monster on our first meeting and killed….you’re the same “Gold” as manager but you’re treating me quite differently~*<- you’ll understand later*. But…..you’re face is to my preference?]



Hajime and them stiffened up from being called out by the man-woman and reminded of Christabel, meanwhile Abel had somehow been cornered. No, he? She? was just there but, San-chi was seen as an enemy and about to be cut down by Abel.



The man looked towards Abel with an amazed expression as he screamed out instinctively? She? If so then, she seems to prefer Abel’s looks and impatiently approached. With her eyes shining like a beast and while licking her lips.



[I said don’t come over here! You monster!]



Abel who was unable to withstand the fear finally pulled out his sword. It was a “Gold” ranked adventurer’s attack. Everyone had thought that it would take the life of the man-woman but, the reality was well beyond their expectations.



The man-woman who cut the distance in an instant towards Abel while leaving an afterimage held onto Abel’s sword with one hand and grabbed him as is. In other words, it was a bearhug.



Abel’s body could be heard creaking out and was desperately trying to escape. However, because the restraint was formed by muscles, he wasn’t able to escape, while he was struggling desperately, Abel’s tragic time had begun.



[Nufufu, I’ll thoroughly punish the bad child?]



[Stop it! Don–mmu~guu!?]



Abel began to break out into convulsions, after a while, the sound of a sword clanging onto the ground was heard. That sight was almost like a flower’s bud being cut off.



The women who were serving Abel all turned pale faced in an instant and ran out of the guild at full speed. Afterwards, the guild as wrapped in silence, Abel was finally released and fell to the ground as if broken. No matter how you looked at it, the victim was the ruffian.



However, what was there was definitely a “Gold” ranked adventurer. He still retained some consciousness as he glared at the man-woman. ……But, he immediately looked away from the man-woman and glanced over towards Hajime.



[O, oi, you! You’re the same “Gold” right! Then help me! Besides, although you may have obtained it through unjust means, I’ll put in a good word for you! You’re role is to help me, the “Flash Blade”! It’ll be an Honor! Look, quickly do something about this monster! You slowpoke!]



Although Hajime didn’t understand why he was asking for help while verbally abusing him but, his glance was past amazement and turned into pity and regret for Abel. Incidentally, if this really is “Gold”, then this world’s adventurers are doomed? Barusu thought. Barusu shook his neck as if he was denying something. There may have been various problems with Abel being “Gold”.



And while Abel was unleashing out all kinds of unbearable insults, the one who came forwards was not the man-woman, but Yue. There, Abel got the wrong idea.



[Ahh, you’re willing to help me? Then, tonight I’ll make time just for yo-……]



[……Don’t open your mouth]



Hajime and Shizuku understood that Yue’s voice carried anger in it. It seems she’s a bit ticked off that he was verbally abusing Hajime. While interrupting Abel’s words, a black swirling orb appeared in Yue’s right palm.



[……Be born once again then come back “Beep” rascal]



[Eh~? Wai-!? Stop, ah, ah, aaah———!!!]



On this day, another person from this world, a man has perished and the gave out their first cries as a man-woman.



With a satisfied expression, Yue who crushed the symbol of a man, returned to Hajime’s side. If you looked at the surroundings, all male adventurers covered their crotches with both hands while slouching over and trembling. Someone within them had tears in their eyes as well. It appears that just seeing it was enough to damage them.



Then, at that time, whispers began to be heard in the guild that was wrapped in silence.



[O, oi, a blond girl with red eyes and a white haired boy with an eyepatch…..]



[Eh? It, it can’t be, the “Crotch Smasher”!]



[Seriously…..then those two are “Sma-love”…..]*<- original text, Or Smash Lovers, whichever floats ur boat*



[Eh? What’s that, those two horrifying names]



[You don’t know? They’re the adventurers who appeared like a comet several months ago. “A blond girl with red eyes like a rose. Don’t be misled by those good looks, if you get pulled in what awaits you is a new world. She has the appearance of a goddess but she’s also the son killing demon king””By her side is the white haired boy with an eyepatch. The incarnation of unreasonableness. Words never get through to him. Do not make eye contact. Do not speak out to him. Do not get into his sights. If you still want to live that is”, that’s what the minstrel who came from Brook said. In fact, even in Fuyuren and Hourado, theres been quite a lot of men’s whose son were murdered to the state of being unable to recover by an unknown group?]*Son here meaning genitals*



[What’s with that, how scary]



It appears that Hajime and Yue’s name circulated even to the Kingdom due to minstrels. The surrounding adventurers looked at Hajime and them in terror while shivering, if we make eye contact, we’ll get done in! they thought as they gradually distanced themselves while covering their crotch.



[You guys…..what exactly were you guys doing]



Shizuku looked at Hajime and Yue with an amazed glance. Yue looked indifferent but, Hajime’s cheeks were cramping up grandly as the rumors of the 2 names spread. Then, the man-woman from a while ago called out to them.



[It’s been a while? I’m happy that you two haven’t changed, wan] *<- a dog’s barking noise*



[…..No, who are you. Are you Christabel’s acquaintance?]



Hajime asked while being openly on guard towards the man-woman who winked at them. He had a slight trauma of the time when he was attacked by Christabel while leaving Brook Town. Once again, Shizuku who also witnessed the strange scene, thought, where did the usual everyday social conversations go, her cheeks were unintentionally cramping up, as she casually withdrew behind Hajime to make him a shield.



[Ara, how thoughtless of me…..you wouldn’t know from my appearance nen? I once confessed to Yue-oneesama and I literally suffered an honorable death as a man but……have you remembered?]



[……Ah. Really?]



It appears that Yue had an idea as she looked up at the man-woman with a shocked expression. The man-woman laughed happily as Yue managed to remember.



According to his self introduction, he confessed to Yue at Brook Town but was immediately shot down, the people who she mainly performed a crotch smash on were mainly adventurers, and as a man-woman he/she studied under Christabel. By the way, it seems that his/her name was Mariabel (Named by Christabel).



[At that time, I was truly foolish, wan. I’m sorry ne? Yue-oneesama….]



[…..N, you’ve become splendid. A new life should be enjoyed]



[Ufufu, I thought that Oneesama would say that, wan. Speaking of which, recently, there have been more and more boys hoping to become Christabel’s apprentices. If I remember right, it was a former “Black” rank adventurer and some former mercenaries based in the hidden organization in Horuado……with that, the manager has to expand her shop nen. Today is the preliminary inspection]



Hajime’s spine began to tingle and his expression distorted and trembled in fear. It appears that because of Hajime and them, there were large quantities of man-woman in this world and they were multiplying.



However, Hajime hadn’t noticed that Mariabel was originally an average height and built man. The rapid growth within these few months was……due to Christabel’s training methods, by itself, it seems to be at a monstrous level.



Furthermore, from what Mariabel spilled out a while ago, Christabel was originally a “Gold” rank adventurer. Naturally her disciples would become extremely competent in combat. It was clear from the fight that Mariabel had with Abel a while ago.



A huge unparalleled army of man-woman…..it’s a nightmare.



As Hajime watched Yue and Mariabel exchange conversations in a friendly manner, he renewed his determination to escape from this world as soon as possible.



Shizuku said with an amazed voice, [You reap what you sow….], as she stood behind him. Somehow or another, Hajime who was angry, pushed Shizuku off onto Mariabel. After this, the pleased Mariabel gave Shizuku a grand hug to the point of causing her face to turn pale, after she was separated from Mariabel, she went and quarreled grandly with Hajime, at that time, the rumor ridiculing Shizuku’s relationship started spreading but……it’ll be omitted here.





Chapter 109




At the adventurers guild Hajime had learned of a separate kind of world threat, however, he tried to ignore it as much as possible as he went to repair the great barrier.



The place where Shizuku guided them to was being guarded by a considerable amount of soldiers, the guards turned a dangerous look towards Hajime as he approached. However, they’re eyes softened up immediately when they noticed that Shizuku was by his side.



Thanks to Shizuku’s face pass, they were easily allowed in and found a space which was made out of white marble-like stone, at the center was a magic formation with a cylindrical artifact enshrined on top of it. The artifact would normally be around 2 meters in length but, right now it was broken from the middle and it’s remains were scattered around.



Around it’s surrounding was a few men worrying till wits end as they groaned, [un,un]. They were most likely the craftsmen who were trying to repair the great barrier.



[Oya? If it isn’t Shizuku-dono. ……What brings you here?]



A man who was around his 60s with a fully grown mustache and carried an obvious craftsman aura called out to Shizuku as soon as he noticed. It appears to have been one of Shizuku’s acquaintances.



[Hello, Worupen-san. I’m just a guide. I’ve brought along a Synergist who may be able to repair the great barrier]



[What was that? Is it by chance that boy there?]



The man who Shizuku called Worupen turned his glance over to Hajime and was clearly suspicious but did not voice it to Shizuku.



Truthfully, Worupen was under the Hairhi Kingdom’s direct control as the head synergist. The great barrier artifact was naturally an Age of Gods artifact, in the present age, attempting to repair it was extremely difficult even for the head synergist of the royal palace. So even if he was suddenly told that a boy who wasn’t even 20 yet was able to fix it, it would be natural that he wouldn’t be able to believe it so easily.



However, Hajime wasn’t concerned with those kinds of glances and passed between Worupen and the other craftsmen towards the artifact and place his hand onto the ruins. What he activated was “Mineral Appraisal”.



[He~e, I see…..it should be strong if it’s like this]



[Fu~n, you’re just a kid so what could you possibly know about it]



As Hajime nodded as he understood how the great barrier was able to protect the Kingdom for hundreds of years from foreign enemies, Worupen grunted out from his nose in a bad mood.



However, Hajime was indifferent towards Worupen’s attitude and proceeded to begin “Transmuting”. Red sparks began to spread out around Hajime and one after another he began to fuse the wreckage with one hand back into their original places.



Towards that transmuting speed and accuracy, not only Worupen but also his subordinates weren’t able to peel their eyes away. Shizuku who was also seeing Hajime’s all-out “Transmuting” for the first time, seemed to also have been fascinated by the red sparks which was dancing around in the white space as she mutters, [How beautiful…..].



Hajime who finished repairing the Age of Gods artifact in only a matter of several tens of seconds suddenly began pouring in magical power into it to activate the great barrier.



The cylindrical artifact shot out light from its top which climbed up towards the sky. Immediately afterwards, a soldier who was guarding outside rushed into the room and reported that the 3rd barrier had revived.



[…….How could this be……an artifact from the Age of Gods was so easily……]



Shizuku told the stunned Worupen with a wry smile that Hajime came from the same world as she did. [No wonder….] Worupen and them said with a convinced face.



Incidentally, when she told them that the black katana which fired them all up before was made by Hajime, they’re eyes suddenly sparkled and shined like beasts. Hajime disregarded them and continued to quickly walk towards the next artifacts location.



However, Worupen and them with their massive craftsmen spirits, knew that they couldn’t just easily let go of a synergists who was above them.



[Please wait a moment—–!! An apprentice! By all means, please take us in as your apprentices—-!!]



[Uo! Wha, what’s with you guys suddenly. Or rather, don’t cling onto my feet! You’re creeping me out!]



Worupen was appealing to become Hajime’s apprentice as he clung onto his feet. In addition, Worupen’s subordinates begin to one by one cling onto Hajime in order to not let him escape. While genuinely being disgusted from the bottom of his heart that he was in such close contact with such hairy men, Hajime tried to shake them off of his leg but they had firmly gripped on so it was hard to get them off.



Since there was no helping it, he activated “Thunder Clad” which caused everyone to go, [Ababababa], and he broke free. Even still, the craftsmen crawled and reached out with their hands, as expected even Hajime couldn’t ignore them and said out a clear reason to decline them.



[Look here, I’ll be immediately leaving this place and I have no plans to return to the Kingdom either. Having apprentices is also very troublesome as well, first of all, even if you became my apprentices I wouldn’t have anything to teach you guys]



[But, you easily repaired the artifact and even made Shizuku-dono’s black katana as well. We have absolutely no idea how to create something like that at all. If you’re willing to teach us then……]



[No, it wasn’t just “Transmuting Magic” it was also “Creation Magic”, a magic which you guys aren’t capable of is required]



[That can’t be…..]



Worupen and them exhaustively dropped their shoulders towards Hajime’s words. Truthfully, the great barrier artifact was also created with Space magic through Creation magic, the barrier of the Kingdom was a special type which intercepted space.



A normal synergist wouldn’t be able to repair it. Of course, since space magic was ingrained into the ores, if you steadily repaired it, it’s likely that you’d be able to repair it to some degree but not until perfection.



Disregarding Worupen and them who hung their heads, when Hajime tried to once again go towards the location of the other artifact, Worupen and their eyes sharpened up again.



[Still, it doesn’t change the fact that you have excellent transmuting skills! By all means, take us in as apprentices~!!]



[How persistent!]



Such fearsome craftsmen spirit. It wouldn’t be good if he didn’t compromise. In the end, while Hajime was repairing all of the artifacts, Worupen and them who were supposed to be the Kingdom’s synergists were sticking onto him and crying like babies.



Furthermore was it because they heard of the rumors? Those who gathered weren’t just the synergists at the scene, eventually Hajime was being crowded as they tried to learn his techniques. Hajime who was close to wits end was beginning to fling the craftsmen far away into the distance but, they got up like zombies as they tried to learn of the secrets to his “Transmuting” and crowded around him once again.



As expected of the craftsmen’s and their desires to reconstruct the Kingdom, Hajime was planning to escape but…..it appears that they were communicating through the craftsmens network in the Kingdom, wherever he went they appeared! and asked limitless questions. It appears that until they learn of everything, they have no plans to stop clinging or leaving, as expected even Hajime was shrinking back from it.



While being bombarded with questions, Hajime finally planned to seriously escape and created the game of tag that all craftsmen in the Kingdom participated in.



[Damn, what’s happening here. Even though I’m using “Hide Presence”]



[Hahaha~, those kinds of things are useless against our “Craftsmen intuition”]



[We can clearly feel you! Nagumo-dono’s passionate pathosssssss!!]*<- basically his feelings*



[Ha~a, Ha~a, the presence of techniques! We can hear the gasping voice of the amazing techniquessssss!!]



The craftsmen? were equipped with a different kind of institution which surpassed Hajime’s. While having a cramped cheek of not wanting to be touched, he seriously thought over if he should pull out Donner and schlag or not.



In the end, the escaping and pursuing drama caused great confusion because the craftsmen’s had disappeared from their reconstruction sites, when it finally reached Ririana’s ears, the royal family intervened and restored control in the situation.



~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~



[Yaegashi……couldn’t you have helped me out? You were acquainted with them right?]



Hajime had returned to the royal palace as if tired out from something, once he returned he treated himself to tea while staring and complaining at Shizuku.



Yue was also next to Shizuku, when Hajime came back, she quickly prepared the tea. It was exactly something a lover would do. Having to look at the army of craftsmen who were approaching with bloodshot eyes and panting out, [Ha~a, Ha~a], they returned back to the royal palace first while averting their eyes from Hajime’s, she was a wonderful lover.



[Don’t say such ridiculous things. …….The case with the black katana was already an uproar but, that’s exactly why I knew that it was impossible to stop them who had flames within them……]



[Hajime, thanks for the good work]



Shizuku made an excuse while looking away and Yue drank tea while patting Hajime on the head. When Hajime hugged Yue tightly, as is, he carried her like a princess and sat down on the opposite seat of Shizuku.



[…..What is it I wonder, these smoldering irritated feelings. Even though Yue took the same actions as me…..]



[Ha? There’s no reason Yue and Yaegashi are on the same level is there? If you’re the other party then I’ll get angry, if it’s Yue then its no problem]



[Un, Yue is your lover after all, I get what you’re saying but…..right now I want to hit you so badly]



Towards the obvious difference in treatment, even though she understood that she’d naturally get done in, a blue vein appeared as she became angry. It was the same concept of becoming angry at lovers who were flirting in front of her even if she knew they were lovers.



Yue who was on his knee, began to say, [A~n], to Hajime with the snacks that came along with the tea, [I’m in your way huh? I’m a bothersome insect huh?], with twitching cheeks Shizuku was thinking about escaping to where Kaori was but, suddenly, the door to their room was flung opened with a ~Ban!~ sound without being knocked on.



What is it? what was reflected in Hajime and their sights was a 10 year-old blond haired blue eyed pretty boy and he glared at Hajime while ~Ki’ing!~. Moreover, did he not like that Yue was sitting on Hajime’s lap? After seeing Yue for a moment his eyes became further enraged which seemed to contain 2 times the anger from before.



[Was it you! The scum who adjusted Kaori! M, moreover, even though there’s Kaori, those, those kinds of things….I won’t forgive it, I’ll definitely never forgive you!]



The person appearing and saying such things was the prince of this country, Randell S.B. Hairhi. Randell clenched his fist and ran towards Hajime while letting out a courageous shout, [U~oooooo!]. His mind was filled with giving Hajime a beating.



Although Hajime didn’t understand what was going on, for the time being he decided to pick up a sugar cube that was prepared for tea on the table and flicked it in opposition. The sugar cube which flew out at impossible speeds, accurately hit Randell in the forehead, [Higu~u!], he let out a strange scream as his head was flung back onto the floor.



The pain of his forehead and the back of his head caused him to roll around with his hands covering his head. After writhing in pain for a while, he got back up and ~Ki!’ed~ at Hajime as he glared and rushed in again.



Therefore, Hajime let loose the second shot. ~Bachikon!~ sounded out as Randell’s head was flung backwards. The sugar cube was crushed and scattered into the air as if dancing and Randell was forcefully performing a backflip due to the sheer power and fell onto the ground once again.



[Your, your highness~! You~, how dare you do that to his highness~!]



[We’ll beat and cut you!]



[Protect his highness!]



From the door that Randell flung open, some old men who were guard-like came running in and charged at Hajime.



Bachikon! Bachikon! Bachikon!



Of course in one rotation, the sugar cubes were accurately fired into all members foreheads, in another sense they were all artistically kneeling together.



However, Randell and the old men were quite tenacious, they glared at Hajime as they tried to stand back up. While thinking that they had some nice guts, Hajime grabbed the whole bottle filled with cubes and fired them all after taking them out.



Chuchuchuchuchuchuchuin!



An impossible sound ranged out and sugar cubes were flicked out like a machine gun from Hajime’s hand, Randell and them were writhing on the ground like a bad marionette performance.



Although damage was kept to a minimum because they were just sugar cubes, it doesn’t change the fact that it still hurt. Shizuku who became absentminded with her jaw dropped down, finally regained her composure and restrained Hajime, the room had already been filled with sobs of sorrow.



After Hajime stopped firing sugar cubes because he ran out, he stared at Randell who had his legs arranged as if he was a woman who was assaulted by a thug and had his face buried into the floor while crying in sorrow. It appears that his heart broke after taking on Hajime’s relentless attacks.



The surrounding old men rushed up towards him and were saying, [Your highness~! The wounds are shallow!], in order to comfort him.



Then, Ririana appeared at that timing.



Shizuku was scolding Hajime that he went overboard, Yue who was on top of Hajime’s lap was calmly eating and chewing on the teacakes, Hajime who was receiving a warning from Shizuku was indifferently drinking his tea, and Randell who broke down into tears and the old men who were trying to cheer him up as he cried.



When Ririana saw them she understood the situation and covered her eyes with one hand as she looked up towards the sky.



[It appears that I was too late…..]



[*Princess*Hime-san huh? I don’t know what it’s about, but your blood brother seems to be emotionally unstable? Won’t you quickly reclaim him?]



Ririana’s eyes seemed to want to say, [It’s probably your fault right!], but, certainly it was also because Randell suddenly went out of control under false charges, she gave a deep sigh and helped Randell get up.



The cause why Randell charged at Hajime was obviously due to Kaori.



The completely changed Kaori (body) caused Randell to be surprised and he asked for the reason why she’s become like that. From the results, it appears that he understood that it was because of “Hajime-kun”, furthermore, due to Kaori’s expression while talking about Hajime being exactly like a maiden in love, he finally realised who his true enemy was.



And, a guy who tossed away Kaori’s original body can’t possibly be a good guy! once he convinced himself he began to rush in and witnessed Hajime embracing another woman while Kaori was yearning for him in her heart which caused him to hit his boiling point in anger.



Randell had intended to challenge and rescue the trapped princess from the demon lord Hajime but…..the results were as shown presently.



Far from giving a beating, he wasn’t even able to get close and treated as a minor hindrance, it was pathetic and mortifying so tears finally started flowing out.



While being picked up into Ririana’s arms, Randell suddenly cried out, [Aneue~*Older sister*] and clung onto her. Looking at his state, as expected even for Hajime, did I overdo it? he thought as he scratched his cheek. Shizuku was piercing him with an amazed glance at his childishness.



But, Randells misfortunes have not yet ended. Immediately after he buried his face into Ririana’s chest, Kaori entered the room.



[Ah, his highness Randell, and Riri as well……wait, what’s wrong your highness!? Your crying so much!]



[Ka, Kaori!? No, this, this is, it’s not like I wanted to be comforted by my sister…..]



Randell quickly separated from Ririana and desperately made excuses. In front of the woman who he liked, he couldn’t bear to say that he was a boy who wanted to be comforted and held by his older sister.



However, Kaori understood the rough situation from Shizuku and Ririana’s expression and from Randell’s crying and Hajime’s attitude, and she finally dropped a bomb after a long time.



[Geez….it’s Hajime-kun right? Who made his highness cry. It’s not good to bully a younger child]



[No, it’s because he suddenly tried to beat me, I just patted him a little…..]



He was actually being serious, but not even being a threat to Hajime, Randell fell into shock. However, the most damaging part was that it was judged that he was naturally being bullied. Suppressing his chest he groaned out, [Gu].



[Patting him…..did you properly “hold back”? His highness is still a “child” after all?]



After having been treated like a child from the woman who he liked, Randell who was humiliated by the assumption, [Ha~u!], further suppressed his chest.



[Ahh, I only flicked some sugar cubes? There’s probably hardly any damage. As expected even I wouldn’t go around shooting a child]
